 #NoVaccineApartheid #Novaccinepassports Should vaccines be mandatory? Please share
 What do you think of the idea that vaccine passports and forcing people to get the vaccine in order to go to the grocer…
 Have you been COVID vaccinated?
 Is it rude to ask someone if they're vaccinated against Covid-19?
 The vaccine
 Serious question and I think I'll do a poll. Did anyone who ever got a small pox, mumps, measles,  polio, shingles, flu and any…
 Why do you wear a mask?
 We’re the Swedish Government’s COVID-19 open herd immunity policies better than the rest of the world?
 It’s time Americans take a stand against mandatory masks, forced vaccines, and lockdowns.

We need to be in the streets.

Wh…
 Should governments require proof of vaccination for people to return to work and school (for those eligible, where supply…
 "The Vaccine Worries Me More Than COVID"?
 For the non-vaccinated only, will full FDA approval of the Pfizer vaccination persuade you to get the shot?
 So, Pfizer vaccine for kids aged 5-11, in Canada, into arms, outside of a trial:
 Do you support having a #COVID19 vaccine passport in Canada?
 Do agree with #VaccinePassports for public participation, such as attending school, theatres, stadiums, restaurants, plane…
 Do you have a vaccine passport app on your phone?
 Should people be able to sue their employers for forcing them to take the vaccine just to keep their jobs?
 Does Antifa stand for a good cause?
 Should there be a date set for freedom, regardless of if your vaccinated or not?
 Do you think those unvaccinated should be required to pay higher health insurance premiums? 

*Please RT
 The CDC warns the Delta variant may be as contagious as chickenpox.

In 1995, the US approved a chickenpox vaccine. So, let’s…
 The most concerning symptom of the virus is Docs who
 Are you for a National Vaccine Passport?
Please vote and retweet!
 The State Fair isn't requiring masks this year. Does that change your plan to go? https://t.co/bqk33NHIu4
 It's likely vaccine exemptions, in accordance with The Equality Act 2010, will apply just like masks, they're just keep…
 Has your overall health improved or worsened since COVID-19 began?
 You have a choice of going to two different parties. One is filled with only vaccinated guests and the other with only unva…
 READ BEFORE YOU VOTE.

Poll for the vaccinated and unvaccinated alike. Share &amp; RT

-
Should a vaccine passport be required t…
 Who can force you to have an injection?
 When was the last time you wore a mask because of Covid?
 When you hear that the vaccine is 95% effective, do you think it means:
1. It gives a specific 95% of people 100% protecti…
 how long will we be getting covid booster shots?
 What chemical is in the vaccine that makes World Leaders insist that we have it?

Do you think the chemical will
 True or false: 

Surgical face masks help to stop the spread of a virus
 Should vaccines be mandatory?
 I am genuinely curious--truly, genuinely curious

For all my pro-COVID vaccination advocacy via social media, who am I poten…
 Should Students wear masks in school? Please vote and RT to get maximum exposure
 Anti-vaxxers are….

Please RT
 Vaccinated against Covid-19?
 If a hospital runs out of space, should the vaccinated person get priority? 🇺🇸
 Choose one:

Trudeau - Mandatory vaccines for fed employees and domestic air/rail travelers.

O'Toole - Not mandatory, but…
 With J&amp;J booster news, curious which vaccine everyone has —
 Do you think the COVID 19 “vaccinations” are safe?
 New poll:
With current child Sars Covid cases still over 5k a day what mitigations would you like to see in place to stop…
 Should the masks be worn in schools?
 Did we achieve herd immunity with the common cold?
 Curious.

How many people think #VaccinePassports are:
 I’m astounded by how political this vaccine is.  Curious to know if you are American citizen if you are a
 Should we have both voter ID and vaccine ID?
 Today, a female physician colleague who is 34 yrs old asked me whether to take the 2nd dose of AstraZeneca #COVID19 vaccine…
 Members of the government’s expert committee on vaccination remain largely opposed to extending Covid jabs to younger t…
 Would you give your children the Covid jab?
 Should people have the right to choose what they want to put in their bodies? 
#NYC #vaccine #thursdayvibes
 Vaccine passports for Sporting events ?
 Are you listening to the CDC?
 Which Vaccine did you get?
 If there was a more effective cheaper alternative to the vaccines would the Gov't and Big Pharma tell you?
 🕒 Join Nana Akua from 3pm - we want to hear from you!

💉 Do you think Covid vaccines should be given to teenagers?
 Important poll
If 96% of Australians only get mild flu like symptoms when they catch #DeltaVariant,should we protect vulner…
 Are these anti mask /anti vaxx fuckers saying “Do Not Comply” or “Donut Cum Pie” ?
 Reading the news 75% of parents support vaccinating kids. I simply can’t believe this. What’s the truth? Do you think we s…
 Now that Pfizer has gotten FDA approval, will you be getting their vaccine? Please retweet for a variety of responses. (As…
 Do you want your children vaccinated?

@cristo_radio
 Important poll, share widely.

Should people who have natural immunity be considered "immunized"?
 Should vaccines be made mandatory for frontline health care workers?

Australia's peak medical body, the AMA, is planning…
 Did you get or are you planing on getting the Covid vaccine?

Rt for more results
 Should 12 year-olds be given the Covid vaccine?
 If you've had your vaxxine, do you support making them mandatory?
 Do you support mandatory vaccines for public participation such as travel, dining, and attending gatherings? #elxn44 #cdnp…
 IS it unethical that Doctors receive cash incentive (up to 40K) bonuses to prescribe children the Covid vaccine ????
 Would you Go eat at a Restaurant that wanted Proof of Vaccination for entry?
 Are you more or less likely to attend an NFL or college football game if there is a covid vaccine passport and/or a negativ…
 New poll! 
When do you think the vaccine coercion will FINALLY end?

Please RT for more reach
 How concerned are you about a coronavirus outbreak in your local area?

Follow me @polls_unbiased for more polls! Retwe…
 Do you TRUST your Government?

If you don't, 
Why would you trust the vaccine?
 Toxic
 Do you trust the  "CDC"??

'RT if not
 Poll Question...

If Trump was still president, and had oversold the effectiveness of the vaccines to the degree Biden &amp; h…
 Who's up for a third dose of vaccine 🤷‍♂️
 What percentage of New Zealanders do you think will take the vaccine?
 Is your #choir #vaxxed? Dare to share! #vaccines #singing #masks
 Poll Time!
Who has taken the Trump vaccine?
 Vaccination rates dropping. Proposal to open vaccination sites to all ages. You say
 #POLL 

Do you believe life will return to normal if we all 'just get vaccinated'? 

Please Vote &amp; RT! 🗳️
 .

Do you want mandatory vaccinations, connected to a digital passport, linked to digital currency and Social Credit?
.
 Out of curiosity, are you vaccinated?
 Social Awareness Poll: We are hearing about the vaccine boosters coming. What is your status and intention? Have you been…
 Which Manitoba university will bring a vaccine mandate first? #mbpoli #cdnpse
 Does your state mandate that all teachers at your school should be vaccinated?
 Have you been vaccinated? 

Pls share widely for broad sample.
 I was talking to a millennial who had COVID &amp; won't get the vaccine. He says that he has antibodies, the vaccine is new, &amp; p…
 Would you get vaccinated to go to an Oiler game? #TheLOCKERROOM
 Should you have to disclose your vaccine status to go to work?

@thejamesmax
 Should people who refuse to get vaccinated against Covid-19 pay higher health insurance premiums?
 Is @Chriscuomo pushing for universal vaccinations under penalty of shaming and threats? (see string of tweets preceding p…
 POLL:

Are you repulsed by the COVID-19 vaccine propaganda in mainstream media?

Please have your say and retweet!
 The FDA just gave FULL approval to the Pfizer COVID vaccine for those ages 16+. What will anti-vaxxes do now?
 We’re confused, Government current guidance regarding isolations, anyone know the answers?

If a teacher (double vacci…
 Big Pharma got Politicians to make you take their ineffective vaccine and they can't be sued.
 Do you support the idea of limiting access to services for unvaccinated people?
 Who will finally persuade you to take the vaccine…?
 Alberta continues with their plan to  lift all COVID-19 public health orders. 

Quebec implements vaccine passports to “exten…
 Among vaccinated peeps, how concerned are you about getting a breakthrough Covid infection? #DeltaVariant #CovidIsNotOver…
 Yesterday the NY Times reported that the FDA hopes to give full approval to the Pfizer COVID vaccine by early September.…
 Do you support a COVID-19 vaccine mandate?
 Is the Covid-19 vaccine a real vaccine?
 Relevant Question about "vaccine breakthrough" COVID-19 cases:

Did you know that mRNA is the most unstable biological mole…
 Did you take the vaccine?
 Should masks be required inside public school buildings/classrooms? 😷
https://t.co/ulrt5u9OOM
 My under 35s, while we wait for the Department of Health to open up registration for vaccination, amuse me:

Why don’t you…
 Do you believe the mainsteam media figures claiming that 75% of the UK have been "fully vaccinated"?
Please share!
 What do you believe about the CDC?

I attemp to follow everyone who retweets my poll.
 Do you support a Vaccine Passport?
 Ethical question: Should hospitals have the right to refuse hospital beds to Covid patients who’ve refused to get the vacc…
 Should Vaccinations be Mandatory?
 Should people be required to be vaccinated for air travel?
 Are YOU a member 
of the vaccinated?

#COVID19
#DeltaVariant
 .
Given even the CDC now admits the PCR test can't tell between colds, flus, &amp; C19, and its false inflated #'s is what…
 safe
 Province of Ontario expected to reveal vaccine passport plan this week. What say you Twitter, are you ready for the vaccin…
 No Judgements, Are you vaccinated for COVID-19?
 Do vaccines reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus? 🇺🇸
 The Prime Minister has made it clear. The ballot question is on mandatory vaccinations. Where do you stand?
 In your opinion, are Vaccine Passports Discriminatory?
 Your reaction to pediatricians prescribing COVID vaccines off-label to children under 12 years old? 

(Assuming FDA approv…
 Re: Mandatory COVID Vaccination

This is emerging as a significant election issue. 

Interested in doing a poll? 

Here’…
 Are masks more about health or politics?
 Do you actually know someone that has gotten covid after they got the vaccine? Not what you heard, but actually know fir…
 Do you agree with the mask mandate for Miami Dade County and Broward county for Florida Schools? #MaskMandate @ShoutGame…
 Should social football be allowed if players &amp; facility staff are fully vaccinated?
 Do you belive there is actually a deadly  Corona virus killing millions of people? Please vote and RT
 To mask or not to mask? Parents of JC schools students are making that decision now. The new mask mandate has an opt-ou…
 If you aren't vaccinated, what would persuade you? (Or respond in comments)
 When FDA gives emergency use authorization of shots for kids, will you vaccinate your children?
 Gov. Kate Brown has announced staff and volunteers at all K-12 schools in Oregon will be required to be fully vaccinated a…
 Are u supporting #VaccinePassport
 Having reintroduced mandatory masks, in summer,  with most people vaccinated, when new cases were almost at the lowest…
 Should venues require proof of vaccination or a negative test to attend games?
 Lets do a little poll here. Retweet to get a bigger and more accurate poll. Who is for or against the vaccine.
 The government has cut the price of NHS coronavirus tests for travel by £20 amid criticism of the costs being imposed o…
 POLL | Do you think Ontario should implement a vaccine passport or certificate program?
 Dr. Fauci and the CDC wants us to cover our face and breathe in our own carbon dioxide instead of oxygen.
 Do you support an indoor vaccine mandate for restaurants, gyms, entertainment venues?  

NYC just implemented one. Bay Are…
 QUICK POLL

SCOTLAND 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 

Is your (child attending or member of staff) school allowing freedom to wear a mask in…
 Should naturally immune people be vaccinated for the coronavirus? Please state the reason for your answer. A reference…
 Do you think the “booster shots” are safe?
 If you allow the Government to take away your right to choose to vaccinate or not,  they WON'T STOP THERE!
 I personally know two people who have had Covid. How many people do you know who have had Covid?

#poll #COVID19 #coronav…
 Should companies force you to have a vaccine to work there?

I'm fully vaccinated but I love that I had a choice. 

Tho…
 Flash poll 1: Which media outlet will be the first to refer to the “rushed Trump vaccines”?
 Please help me. Should I or should I not take the vaccine?
 If you didn't get the COVID vaccine, does officially FDA approval change anything?
 BEFORE the #vaccines were given Emergency Use Authorization, what worked best to help slow (or prevent) the spread of…
 Now that FDA approved of the Covid-19 vaccine
 SHOULD HOSPITALS TREAT THE UNVACCINATED? RETWEET COMMENT PLEASE
 #POLL: Take the vaccine or lose your job. Your decision?
 CDC SAYS TWO WEEKS TO STOP THE DELTA SPREAD? RETWEET PLEASE
 Has anyone had COVID and got infected again?
 Who predicted a world with lockdowns, quarantines on healthy people, forced vaccinations with new mRNA technology &amp; su…
 Answer this *only* if you've been vaccinated.

How many booster shots would you be willing to take:
 B911 POLL: Do you think kids should be required to wear masks in school?
 Would you support masks being reintroduced in schools to prevent a winter wave of coronavirus?.
 If you ARE VACCINATED, do you let your children under 2 around UNvaccinated family/friends? If so, comment &amp; state any prec…
 Does Twitter's ban of #AlexBerenson increase your trust in the vaccine or decrease?
 Should the City of Boston (like NYC)
require proof of COVID vaccination in order dine at restaurants (indoors), and for en…
 POLL:

Do you agree with the introduction of medical apartheid that will be based on proof of vaccination?

Please have your…
 Where did Coronavirus start? Guess!
 Should children have covid vaccine? Please retweet
 Should the COVID-19 vaccine be mandatory for N.J. teachers?
 Should Americans be able to sue the Government if we are forced to take the Covid-19 vaccine against our will and it harms u…
 @disclosetv Should vaccination be made compulsory by public / private entities for people?
 Do you support or oppose extending the COVID-19 vaccination programme to those aged between 16 and 17? #Vaccine #COVID1…
 To help save the lives/health of others who are unable to be vaccinated, how much longer will you wear a mask?

Me: I will…
 NEW POLL: Agree or Disagree:

“SARSCov2 aka the “novel coronavirus,” does not exist, as it’s never been isolated &amp; purified fro…
 If we agree to vaccinate preborn children, can we finally get the federal government to admit they're human beings?
 Most Dangerous Disease in India
 Should the CDC be pushing Ivermectin and HCQ if you get Covid-19?

I got Covid-19. 
Took Ivermectin. 
Cured in 12 hours.
 If Dallas County has a mask mandate .. how will you respond ?? #2 for me !
 Clients, now that Queensland has plenty of covid vaccinations, including Pfizer available:  What would you think if a pro…
 Is this an acceptable solution to those that refuse to be vaccinated?
Assuming they are of working age that they pay a hig…
 Are U a COVID-recovered and already immune American who is being coerced into getting vaccinated at risk to your educationa…
 What is an anti-vaxer?
 “Anti-vaccine” and “vaccine hesitant” are *not* the same thing.
 Was it the right decision for Delta Air Lines to impose a $200 monthly fee on unvaccinated employees?
 Should 16- to 17-year-olds wanting to get the COVID-19 vaccine require their parents' consent before getting the jab? #…
 POLL: Should all city workers across #NewJersey be mandated to get vaccinated for #COVID19? Story -- https://t.co/WpSDIXhGGl
 "A vaccination passport will be required to enter workplaces, retail, hospitality, sport &amp; leisure venues".

Do you sup…
 On CNN's "State of the Union" Sunday morning, Dr. Anthony Fauci said he thinks mandating the coronavirus vaccine for eligible…
 POLL: Will you start wearing masks inside again? #Walmart is now requiring employees wear masks; mandates vaccines for higher…
 Will you get vaccinated #COVID19Vic #CovidVaccine #DeltaPlusVariant #poll
 How much longer do you intend wearing a face mask?
 Is it time to decriminalize drugs? #DecriminalizeDrugs
 Un kā domājiet jūs?

A. Stop pleading with anti-vaxxers and start mandating vaccinations https://t.co/GcTJw150M2

B. V…
 Poll Time

Would you use a counterfeit Vaccine card/passport?

RT ty
 Out of interest re #covid19 vaccinations, have you….
 If you currently live in Ontario or Quebec &amp; the East goes full blown mandatory vaccination communism after the election, &amp;…
 POLL: will you leave establishments that force you to show proof of #COVID19 vaccination for entry?
 Should we be forced to take a vaccine that truly hasn't been tested for very long, has caused health problems, and even deat…
 Should the FDA approve the Pfizer vaccine on Monday without any public input and without *any* evidence whatsoever that…
 Do you agree in vaccinating the under 16s with the Covid jab...
 True or false: The fact that there been a global push to administer an experimental medicine to all of humanity, billions of u…
 Should the vaccinated be angry at the unvaccinated?
 An anti-platelet drug
 @Matthew_4_Trump Do you TRUST the CDC?
 Have you been vaccinated?  

Please RT so we can get some real numbers.
 Please answer the following 

I trust the CDC, FDA and NIH?

If not, whom do you trust??
 What are your current thoughts on available #COVID19 vaccines?
 What according to you the reason behind Americans doubting and wasting the COVID-19 vaccines ?

#COVID19 #vaccines #Ameri…
 If you could make healthcare free for everyone, would you do it with:
 Do you generally trust the FDA as a reliable regulatory institution that puts public safety ahead of the interests of…
 For non-vaccinated responders only only, do you PERSONALLY know anyone under age 80 who died from COVID-19?
 If you are currently unvaccinated, would you agree to get vaccinated if Biden secured the border as his part of the dea…
 Should your doctor refuse to treat you if you’re unvaccinated?
 Should parents have the option to choose if their own child wears a face covering while at school?
 Do you think people should get vaccinated?
 I’m curious: if you got COVID, what treatment would you be willing to take?
 Do you agree to extending the coronavirus act?
Retweet for broader poll.
 Would you call the mask wearers kind and compassionate?
 Do you have faith in the CDC and Fauci?
 If the Government bring in Vaccine Passports, will you be more likely to vote for them at the next election?
 Do you know anyone who wore a mask and still got COVID?
 mRNA vaccines are a problem, so I’m intrigued to know whether those of us who haven’t had the vaccine would consider re…
 Would you be angry if your place of employment mandated either proof of vaccination or masking at all times? 

VOTE &amp; RT.
 The public were repeatedly told about our 'world-beating' covid vaccination program and the EU's problems.

But what pe…
 Would you consent to your child being vaccinated against Covid-19?
 Based on available evidence, do you believe the FDA should authorize a Covid-19 vaccine booster shot for the general populati…
 A question for the people who have been vaccinated. How do you feel about vaccine passports?
 The CDC and the American Association of Paediatrics have issued guidance and strongly endorsed face masks in children…
 Recent survey finds a good number of those not vaccinated yet believe the vaccine 💉 is worse than the Covid virus 🦠 itself.…
 IMPORTANT QUESTION! Oxford Univ. just found that vaccines do not limit transmission against covid/Delta, so do we still…
 Do you want nationalized healthcare?
 BNN BLOOMBERG POLL: Would you support businesses that only allow vaccinated customers?
 We asked this question back in the spring, but it's time for an update: Have you gotten the vaccine?
 Thoughts on this policy:

Hospitals will no longer accept voluntarily unvaxxed patients suffering from severe Covid sympt…
 I have just been accused of not being a Conservative because I spoke up for vaccination. 

So my question is, do you have t…
 Do masks keep out the Covid-19 virus?
 *POLL* 

Should children under 12 y/o wear masks in schools? ⬇️ 

Please RT/TAG &amp; DM to your followers for greater sample s…
 Do you think vaccines should be mandated?🤔🧐

RT please for broader audience. 🙏
 If you are threaten with jail time would you take the covid-19 vaccine?
 Vaccine Passports - let's explore a theory. Pls RT for wide sample.
Are you:
 @LyndaSpilstead Are you going to allow your child to take the Covid-19 vaccine or take to the streets and protest it?
 Would you be happy to see your 12yo+ get vaccinated?
 If you or a family member took a test for acute COVID (not the antibody test) in the past 2 weeks, did you use:
 Military Doctor: “The COVID Vaccine Program has Killed More Young Active Duty People Than COVID Did” https://t.co/ku6VSKT6tZ…
 Would you avoid going to a restaurant if proof of vaccination is required ?
 Domestic Vaccine Passport Poll.

#notovaccinepassports #VaccinePassports 

Retweet for a larger sample.

Fill in the blank.

I…
 Because big Pharma is making $BILLIONS off of the vaccines and they own Politicians and the Media, do you think you'll ever…
 As a matter of interest… Just want to know how alone I will be 😁

Are you having/had a Covid vaccine?
 Ministers should look at the merits of paying people to receive a coronavirus vaccination to boost uptake, Sir Ed Davey…
 Do you trust the World Health Organization?
 The core of my anger at the AAP/CDC/FDA regarding off label Pfizer vaccination of kids &lt;12 is my belief that the EUA f…
 if the fatality rate of Covid was 10X higher would there still be a large % of people not getting vaccinated?
 Mandatory vaccination is emerging as a central discussion in the election, but not all parties agree.

Do you support manda…
 Are you an anti-vaxxer?
 POLL: Why are Western governments rushing so hard to implement their Vaccine Passport system now? 

Which of the following cris…
 Does vaccine mandates remind you of when the Nazis forced Jewish people on trains and gassed them?
 Why do they call this gene therapy shot a vaccine? That’s false advertising. Shouldn’t they at least label it correctly? How…
 How many COVID injections have you had?
Please RT for more stats.
 Let’s see if the MSM is correct. 

If you didn’t get the jab, does the FDA approval change your decision?
 Poll: Would you avoid going to a restaurant if proof of COVID-19 vaccination is required for entry?
 female followers, did you experience changes to your period after you were vaccinated?
 Are you going to get vaxxed?!
 Since Covid began, estimate the number of masks you’ve thrown away (cloth, disposable, doesn’t matter - trying to esti…
 How many Covid vax injections have you had?
 At the next General Election, a broad libertarian coalition forms that is pro choice on vaccination and against vaccin…
 SNAP POLL (U.K. citizens only please)

Do you support Covid19 injections for 16 and 17 year olds?

Please RT for large…
 Would you stop going to a restaurant if proof of COVID-19 vaccination was mandatory for entry?
 A VACCINE'S ONLY JOB is to keep you from getting a disease from someone who has it.

Are Covid-19 vaccines doing that?
 The origin of the virus was:
 In your opinion, with the current data on transmission and infections..
Do Covid Passports make sense ?
 Okay, three-day poll in search of data on the question of what percentage of naturally-infected have been reinfected vs. the o…
 Do you approve of a vaccine 💉 passport?
 Joe Biden and the DemoCraps are imposing mask mandates and vaccine passports on American citizens... Except for ______…
 Do you still think masks and vaccines work?
 BNN BLOOMBERG POLL: Do you want your employer to have a vaccination mandate for office workers?
 Do you support the ALP $300 incentive to vaccinate?
 Do you agree with the WSOP's move to require vaccines to play in Vegas this year?
 If you were vaccinated, could afford it and were legally able to leave and get back again, do you see yourself going on a ho…
 What would have been the outcome if no one was “vaccinated” against C0VID in your view?
 So I took the Pfizer vaccine a week ago. I'm fine except that I'm on my periods (it's not time yet) and they are heavy. A…
 Remember when Flu Season came EVERY YEAR and almost everyone got it, and 500,000 people died. 

There was no lockdowns or ma…
 State premiers, assisted by MSM in Australia, have said you can only have  your freedom back after you have been “vaccinat…
 Should unvaccinated citizens be excluded/ barred from work &amp; social services? 

@kubatana @MoHCCZim @efie41209591 @ActionAidZ…
 Lets do an army vaccine check. How many of yall are vaccinated
 What would encourage you more to be vaccinated?
 We are seeing example after example of vaccinated people who have developed COVID. Yet we are told the hospitals are f…
 Vaccine talk here. I'm curious.
 Today #BritishColumbia has announced it will rolling out a #vaccine passport on Sep 13, one must be vaccinated to go i…
 Curious: Will you patronize establishments or events that require proof of vaccination?
 At this point, what is your level of empathy for people who've WILLFULLY decided not to get vaccinated and get sick from CO…
 There have been reports that new variants of coronavirus are potentially resistant to vaccines. Would you say that you…
 What's your best prediction for the future 3 years from now?

Will COVID still exist?
Will (domestic)Vaccine passports exist?…
 What do you think is more hazardous to your health?
 Black people were more likely to be subjected to prolonged Taser discharge compared with white people, according to a n…
 If you are unvaccinated, and your private employer mandated you get the shot, would you do it?
