 Is the ANC doing something right that even the opposition want to be its cabinet ministers?
 Do you think Britain is economically better or worse off as a result of leaving the European Union, or has it made no d…
 During #Covid19 #lockdowns, politicians should:
 POLL:

How scared are you of forecasts of a 'Climate Crisis'?

Please comment. Please retweet
 What's the greatest threat facing humanity today?
 Should the United States deport immigrants living here illegally, or offer them a path to citizenship?

Follow me @poll…
 Do you think there should be a referendum on immigration levels into the UK?
 Do you think police officers should be allowed to sue a protester if they are harassed, menaced or injured while on the job?
 Philly is creating twin bus-only lanes along Market Street and JFK Boulevard: https://t.co/xCbrAYIFst

Transit advocates have…
 If Doug Ford simply conceded that his approach to 'Covid-19' was wrong and that, much like Alberta, Ontario would simply ha…
 Should we be turning the boats back into French waters?  Please vote and retweet.
 What is your opinion of the UK government ?
 As a Canadian citizen, when it comes to Trudeau's vision of Canada, I am:
 ‘More people died from extreme weather, extreme temperature, floods, drought, landslides and wildfires over the last de…
 The CIA is a terrorist organization with drug cartel tendencies. How many Americans don't know that the CIA runs drugs t…
 Should Canada 🇨🇦 completely withdraw from the United Nations 🇺🇳?
 Points I Ponder While I Wander in the Leftist's Delusional BullShit Yonder 

Have you taken or planning to take any of…
 🛑CODE RED VOTE🛑

What do you believe is the global motivation to hysterically push the climate agenda onto the West?
 Is climate change:

A) not relevant to Pakistan and won’t affect us
B) important but we have bigger problems to deal w…
 Will nations - and ITS CITZENS - FINALLY seriously address climate change and take the necessary steps to save the biospher…
 Which Governor has handled COVID-19 worse?
 Too many innocent lives are being lost.  Would it be wrong to take all of these "gang bangers" let them go to mediation,…
 Given the prolonged absence from work by the Deputy President David Mabuza, should government provide citizens with more in…
 Would socialism work in the US?
 Boris Johnson says he is "instinctively" opposed to drug consumption rooms, which the Scottish government wants to intr…
 @AlbertaLeonidas Which group is the greater danger to children and civilization?
 If the Trump Administration was racist for banning flight travel to stop the spread of coronavirus, is the Biden administration…
 No but black ARMYs let’s settle this:
 Do you believe that, sooner or later, the FBI, NSA, CIA, etc. will eventually misuse Apple's new CSAM scanning technology…
 Do you support CANZUK? 

This includes increased trade, foreign policy co-operation, military co-operation and mobility of…
 Which apartheid is worse?
 Which of the following nations is the real evil empire?
 Do you wish you could read more fiction (or see movies) that focus more on the values of liberty, individualism, and anti-s…
 Is America still the home of the free?  Are we the land of liberty?  #AmericaLast #TrumpWasRight #Trump2024 #biden #Afgh…
 As COVID-19 cases increase in the state do you think there should be a mask mandate?
 Are you content with and accepting of the government continuing to lie, deceive, censor and discredit everyone with an op…
 Will God protect you from COVID?
 Twitter POLL:
Over the last 100 years, who did more for democracy and peace?
Was it all of our politicians combined or #Juli…
 Genuine question. If another New Zealander says "a lot of people want to bottle you" are they referring to a:
 Democrats politically dominate California, Oregon, Washington, New Jersey and New York.

Would you generally describe tho…
 If America:
 Worst state in Australia where the worst people reside 

Obviously Qld excluded as it's the best 
The rest are not states or…
 It's it in the public interest that the full guest list of the #Merrion50 is published?
 Was the 2020 election STOLEN? 😬😬😬

RT after VOTING to spread message
 Please confirm that while the Republican Party is far from perfect, the Democrats are much, much worse and MUST be defe…
 Is it time to protest on the streets against the Democrat Communist Dictators?
 Do you trust the BBC to be impartial on political matters?
 How do you think the January 6th rioters would be treated by the legal system if they were more diverse?
 What you think is really behind Abandoned Project?
 A hypothetical question. Would you vote for a reconstructed Pro-Rejoin Tory Party under the leadership of @RoryStewartU…
 Should people who corrupted the Election be prosecuted?
 Imagine this scenario:

Trump Administration bans all abortions using the CDC. Supreme Court rules it illegal. 

Not even…
 Poll: Do you think @UKLabour can get the #Tories out alone or can only a #ProgressiveAlliance #GTTO now?
 
(See Prof. Sir John…
 Origins of COVID19 is from
 #Brexit ....how will things go from now and into 2022 unless changes are made?
 Your government will never make you harm yourself.
 Who won the debate “Political Violence is Never Acceptable in Democratic Societies?” @brad_polumbo (Affirmative) or @Ac…
 Don't you wish you could TRUST our Government?
 Would you rather have free health care in the United States but taxes go up 25 to 50 dollars or Would u rather have ou…
 Do you support mask mandates for our children going back to school? Retweet the heck out of this
 Which law is more atrocious in its current form?
 Increase the British population through immigration?

Vote and retweet for a wider audience, thanks.
 Do you condemn white supremacy?
 With church attendance in decline can the UK still be described as Christian?

Watch GB News on Freeview 236, Sky HD 515, Virgi…
 Labour MP David Lammy has criticised the lack of a “Black English” option in this year’s census, after discovering resp…
 Hypothetically, you're in charge of the final decision.

What do?
 Should unions be putting energy into organizing white-collar workers?

A. Yes, all workers deserve a union
B. Yes, but…
 For better or worse, America’s longest war is finally over. After nearly 20 years of our country’s military presence i…
 Should English be the official language of the United States?
 Are the Conservatives a Family Values party?
 Should Politicians,  Government officials,  and News Media have to be hooked up to polygraph machines when they talk to make…
 Can you help me find a reliable source? Please. If you know someone please send me dm. Thank you very much.

(if you vote ye…
 Should Scotland be an independent country?

#IndyRef2 

(RT for bigger sample)
 It says Democratic Socialist Party on the back of Labour’s membership card. Which three are in the wrong party and should be ex…
 Are we still in a pandemic?
 The United States as we know it is in freefall. Rapid decline. It will never recover after Pops Biden and his racketeers d…
 Is the @NYGovCuomo story just a distraction from the real stories?
Southern Border
Voter Fraud
Rising Crime
Delta Mandat…
 You can only save one of us
 Poll: Given that @UKLabour technically cannot win a #GE alone now (see: Prof. Sir John Curtice's data for details), the WORSE…
 Do you think there will be climate lockdowns in the future?
 I genuinely want to see what the people feel at this point since today was also all about #PratikSehajpal and #DivyaAgar…
 Pakistan’s (PK) COVID cases are peaking again. How full are the hospitals/clinics in PK?

Need 1000+ votes from Pakistani…
 Which form of violence against women and girls is most common in Nigeria? 

Poll
#EverybodysBusiness  #UNTF    @EWEI1 @UNTr…
 @Jim_Jordan Do you think the Government is telling us the truth about Covid-19?
 ........... have been treated as an afterthought by the UK government during the Covid-19 pandemic.
 Do you think it would surprise the anti-vaxers  to know how many of their fearless leaders that have actually had the vac…
 Why do you believe Freedom of Movement ended as a part of Brexit. Please RT for bigger sample. #Brexit
 Who has been the most incompetent leader to handle the COVID pandemic?
 Should governments provide universal income to open source developers? 💻💵💵💵

https://t.co/4jkSrSHVcq  @coni2k @jdorfman
 this was just brought to my attention- now we must debate
 So, Londoners: what's your instinctive reaction when you see the Extinction Rebellion protests?
 Do you approve of @AmarjeetSohiYEG's plan to hand over @YEG's river valley to the federal government?

#yegcc #yegvote
 The world is "dangerously close" to running out of time to stop a climate change catastrophe, the UK government's clima…
 Radiologists, what do you think about HR3657? Read the full legislative text at https://t.co/2peEe4ct9j. Voting is completely…
 Today on The Afternoon Agenda we're asking if you think the UK has a misogyny problem?
 America, I was once a Democrat until my eyes opened.

Have your eyes opened?
 Just how pissed off are you by Labour embracing Brexit?
@Keir_Starmer @UKLabour
 Do you think Politicians will fight to help us keep our FREEDOM, or will we have to fight for it?
 If we cut down 30 football fields worth of rainforest every minute, it's our responsibility to put the trees back.
 Time to play Texas or Taliban 

Limit woman's rights
Hatred of LGBTQ
Destroy social programs
Limit healthcare
Don't bel…
 Boris Johnson threatened to demote Rishi Sunak after the chancellor called for travel restrictions to be relaxed in a l…
 Which is a bigger threat to Americans...
 Would you be happy to join the army to kick out Muslims from the Uk?
 Please Retweet
A purpose built COVID quarantine centre will now be built in Queensland. Should a network of similar quaranti…
 Help me settle a debate. What do couples fight about most?
 Do you think the move for forced repatriation is a tact to keep donor governments on check when it comes to offering fi…
 Is this government...

Please RT
 The world will face “catastrophic” climate change unless immediate action is taken, according to Alok Sharma, the UK ministe…
 Do the Republicans want to take away your voting rights?
 who should we hold accountable for the covid virus devastation ?
 Europeans, what is your general opinion of the EU? 
Feel free to go into detail in the comments if you wish!
Every RT will be…
 What is your main source of news?
 Can Media impact social/moral values ?🎥🎞📺🎙
#minarepakistan #protectwomen #socialmedia #moralvalues #beinghuman #bekind #fo…
 @FoxNews Do you agree with Texas Governor Abbott in barring mask mandates?

Follow me @polls_unbiased

#poll #USA #Unit…
 Hypothetical: You wake up tomorrow morning to the news that an underground “alien base” has been discovered. But the occup…
 Which of these is the greatest cause of emergent fascism, loss of democracy, censorship?
Please RT for more stats.
 Extinction Rebellion protesters have descended on Oxford Circus, where they blocked traffic, danced and heard speeches,…
 #KeepHopeAliveWithRevJesseJackson Radio Show|Should the #Filibuster be suspended in order to counter Right wing efforts to…
 From what you have read and heard, do you think the government have handed out coronavirus contracts fairly or unfairly…
 Which British politician of the last 20 years was directly responsible for most deaths of innocent people?
 POLL: Should State Governor’s mandate that American History be taught in schools?
 Would you trust Opposition Leader of Australia Anthony Albanese to look after your children by himself? 

RT for larger sa…
 Taking into account all the various priorities which the government has, to what extent do you support or oppose the fo…
 Would you trust Prime Minister of Australia Scott Morrison to look after your children by himself? 

RT for larger sample…
 It's poll time again. With all the ableism about online activism, I'm curious:

Have I, or any other disabled person, t…
 Who is the most lethal Governor?   (i.e. the one with the most reckless disregard for the health &amp; safety of their citize…
 Do you believe anything the government says any more?
 Time for our next game of #StumpARepublican

How many members of Congress have been expelled for “disloyalty to the Uni…
 Business groups have been left "frustrated" after the business secretary rejected requests to loosen Brexit immigration…
 I know that @UKLabour are no longer viable Government material but if you voted @Conservatives in 2019 would you vote…
 Marxist-Leninism is a right wing ideology
 Do you think the U.S. Government will shut-down the Economy for the Delta Variant of COVID-19 and cause another market c…
 @RandyRRQuaid @dreww1979 WE DEMAND A FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF THE 2020 ELECTION IN ALL STATES!

PUT THE LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT T…
 You'd think the easiest thing in the world to prove is that a global pandemic is actually happening and not imaginary.…
 Do the English have a moral claim to England?
 @SexCounseling Do you think the moratorium will drive landlords out of business?
 Is it more important to be on the winning side or to be morally correct?
 For my stats class, please spread this as much as possible :D

Do you think that some municipal, state, and federal laws are…
 @war_lies @shovelhead__76 @mattarundel @medeabenjamin @Zabehulah_M33 How many people have died since WW2 from US foreign p…
 New Scottish Gov Agreement between SNP &amp; Scot Greens, are you happy with this Arrangement? Comments welcome ..🙌🏻🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
 Which country doesn’t have nuclear weapons?
 Who is the biggest socialist hypocrite of the month?
 Let's make it more official... 👇

(We're talking goals in all comps here)
 @ste_ve_e Declaration of war
 With the country being completely open, should our next #WaitukubuliSpaces be on:
 @RealCandaceO @SweetC91057249 WE DEMAND A FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF THE 2020 ELECTION IN ALL STATES!

PUT THE LEGITIMATE PRESID…
 Our schools are failing our children thanks to the Teacher's Unions (who give millions to the Democrat Party)!
 Leo ( #LeoTheLeak ) Varadkar has questioned a Cabinet minister believed to be behind a damaging Government leak about Zappone…
 If @Conservatives asked you this question, how would you answer?
On which issue do you feel more let down by @BorisJohns…
 #Internationalleaks should launch a Geopolitics YouTube channel?

#BREAKING #Panjshir #Pakistan  #India #China #Usa #UK…
 Had you heard of Resisting Hate pre 2021?
 It’s hard for me to estimate how much of woke politics is a genuine expression of principle and how much is mere a mere…
 Should Antifa replace the police force?
 Do you believe BJP has ruined the country❓

➖VOTE PLZ
 @StynkyFlyGuy @kinsellawarren @JustinTrudeau Interesting.
Is the backlash of anger and hostility Trudeau is facing a  byp…
 AMU HATE POSTERS AGAINST VC &amp; KALYAN SINGH: IS OFFERING CONDOLENCE ON THE DEATH OF A FORMER CM ANTI-MUSLIM?
@pradip103 @Ind…
 Unscientific poll time!!!!
What is the most realistic escape route for humanity, given climate &amp; ecological crises?
Note…
 Is Parliament an essential service and should it be back sitting next week? 

(with restrictions incl limited numbers, so…
 Does ScotGov have any legitimacy at all, let alone sufficient legitimacy to run an independence referendum, now that it inc…
 Do you think the nation's economy is getting better or worse?

Follow me @polls_unbiased for more polls! Retweet and Li…
 ***Please vote and retweet to amplify***

Will the decision from the big 5 banks (mandatory covid vax + disclosure) motiva…
 Do you TRUST the Communist Democrat Party and Joe to protect you and your family?
 Which do you think is the most dangerous existential risk to humanity? If you think it's something else, leave it in the…
 After reading the #IPCC report. Do you think OPEC should:
 More voters blame the EU for post-Brexit trade problems in Northern Ireland than the UK government, a new poll has foun…
 The word "pollutant" should be replaced by "polluent".
 The government is ?
 Do you think the Labour Party is united or divided at the present time? #LabourParty #Politics
 Deportations

Diane Abbott, along with a mass of Labour MPs and Jeremy Corbyn, has successfully campaigned against the lawf…
 It is not in the military‘s best interest to lie to the American people.
 Why do you think Republican states have outlawed mask mandates for the safety of our children? #schoolreopening #COVID #…
 With whom would you least want to ally?

1. A conservative who vehemently opposes the Covid narrative

2. A socialist who…
 Imran Khan Govt has completed 03 years (Aug18-Aug21); it had promised Accountability, Drive against Big Corruption &amp; Clean Gov…
 Is America officially a DICTATORSHIP?
 How would you describe Mayor Wheeler’s efforts to protect Portland from extremist violence?
 is texas part of the south
 Do you believe the Conservatives and Labour are on the same side?
 AUS GOVT LIE POLL

Do you feel as though we are all being lied to by all Australian State &amp; Federal Governments? #auspol
 I worry more about Biden and the Communist Democrat Party turning America into a Communist Country than I do about contactin…
 Here folks, a poll, 
If our political figures had been drunk and asleep since the end of the 80s and done nothing, would lif…
 What is more dangerous?
 If Bollywoodins comeout of their shells and stand with the nation to help clean the drugs and Mafia in their profession.…
 Joe is allowing people from all l over to come to America,  even terrorists are entering through our Southern Border.

Is th…
 #OpinionofTheNation | #देश_की_राय 

7. Do you think the Congress will be better off without the Gandhi Family?
 @SusanStJames3_ Communism is in America!
 ❗Two may reportedly be targeted if Pogba was to leave. 

#mufc
 In your opinion, which political party/alliance is best placed to push the 'fight corruption agenda' in Kenya? Why? 🤔

#tuk…
 Birth-bound caste system is perhaps the only major discriminatory and exploitative practice in the Hindu faith today.…
 Is it TIME FOR MASSIVE PROTESTS against the jab passports?
 The Metropolitan Police force is considering introducing gender neutral uniforms, in order to ensure that officers are…
 Do you believe everyone got evacuated?
 Trying to figure out the best direction to go now that #OnlyFans started a semi-discrimination against sex-workers.
I c…
 #MOATS | POLL 

“Should 4-year-olds be allowed to change their gender without parental consent?”

Have your say in the…
 Imran Khan Govt has completed 03 years (Aug 18-Aug 21); IK is modern but US &amp; West were not warm to Imran Khan Govt; Why? Beca…
 SNAP 24 hr poll 
Has the Union failed Scotland ? 
Or has the Union benefited Scotland?
 If Yorkshire was a country, which city would be its capital?
 I’m going to do a new poll, this one will be as a thread so we can truly get an idea of the diversity of ARMY. Please sh…
 @AussieVal10 Who is the most Incompetent and Authoritarian Australian politician:
 @thebradfordfile Is it time to take to the streets and take back our America from the Communist Democrats who stole the 2020…
 Are you willing to fight?

You know what I mean.

Vote. Comment. Retweet.
 Is it time to take to the streets and take back our stolen Election?
 Covid V/S Climate change. What do you think is our greatest challenge?
 Under the terms of the @BelfastAgmt, any referendum on the @BorderIrish requires a simple 50%+1 majority.What size of majori…
 Currently, there are no legal Covid-19 restrictions in place in England. Would you support or oppose re-introducing Cov…
 Do ONCEs want to proceed with new challenges? Smaller or bigger? What do you think? 😍

WE VOTE FOR #TWICE + #ONCE
at th…
 Do you think the Democrat Politicians are doing all this UNAMERICAN stuff because they figured out how to steal elections an…
 How much do you trust this current government?
 Of the ongoing events, which is worse, and why?
 #Brekko Big bad Question:

As things stand now; political gathering, @Ma3Route at full capacity, clubs and other facilit…
 #forumatheist
BIG QUESTION:
Would this world be more safe if the nuclear bomb hadn't &amp; never could have been created? 
Co…
 Which Southern governor will walk back the #OpenGrazing ban first?
 Do you think is time to bond together against the Communist Democrat Party and fight against them?
 @TomBevanRCP Which of these is the biggest threat to America?
 We are in a climate crisis. This is not open for debate given the latest IPCC report.  So guess how many staff the Morri…
 If Muhyiddin resigns tomorrow who is most likely to call the shots on the shape of the next government?
 Given the news that the Queen is underwriting Andrew's legal fees, how do you feel about abolishing the monarchy current…
 #عمران_خان_صدارتی_نظام_لائیں
According to your opinion which system will be best for Pakistan?
Please vote.
 CERB is trending again. Should Canada implement a Universal Basic Income (UBI)? #canpoli Please feel free to retweet as al…
 Among Us
 Non American moots have y’all ever considered moving to the us?
 Who is the weakest link in fighting corruption in Kenya? #TheAllNewLookUPTV
 #CHOEAEDOL Poll of this week features
#PENTAGON #NCT #JUSTB #ATEEZ

🗳️Vote the event u want to be created and we will crea…
 Which organization's reputation has suffered the worst over the past 2 years?
 🇬🇧Quiz

The way the government has treated people is _________________.

#Idioms #Inglés #Английский
 Is Critical Race Theory, the school of thought that says racism is embedded in western institutions, dangerous?
 is 6ix9ine a snitch or civilian?
this is an interesting debate
 How do you feel about the Government's response to the Cumberlege review recommendations?
 #MerrionGate 

What do you think should happen next?
 Do u believe Modi is giving preference to Hindus and Sikhs from afganistan?
 Q
Should Britain ignore these figures for fear of being labeled racist or should a national &amp; frank debate start ?

UK…
 Here’s a hypothetical : If America was threatened by a foreign enemy where there was a potential for massive loss of l…
 Do you think anybody would be interested in seeing proof that the MHRA and Public Health England never looked at the Pfizer d…
 Which mosquito-borne disease makes mosquitos the world's deadliest insects? #WorldMosquitoDay
 Conspiracy Theories: 9
Climate Change is a hoax
 communism is when
 Would our Founding Fathers be happy with America today?
 Do you think the events happening in Australia will happen in Canada this winter?
 If/when you know for a fact The globalists:
-stole the election
-Take a super majority of your fed. income tax
-are in t…
 Which major geopolitical event you feel in recent history (in your lifetime preferably) which has the most long lasting c…
 Since Joe stole the election and became President, do you feel like we are losing OUR AMERICA to Communism?
 What year had the most arctic sea ice area this day (day 227) #Climatechange #IPCC #Globalwarming
 can we just decide once and for all
 Let's see if the tide is indeed turning.
FELLOW VIC'S...are we over the Andrew's govt scaremongering propaganda yet?
 The Senate finalizes the $1 trillion infrastructure deal. We're bringing you the details. What do you think of this infrastruc…
 DeSantis and Abbott, who is worse?
Please vote and retweet.
 WHICH COUNTRY IS THE BEST
 Dear Maharashtra people are you tired of gov bullshit and stupidity?
 In your opinion, do you think that rampant proliferation of atheism in Nigeria will help us better achieve staunch demands…
 ✳️HYPOTHETICAL SITUATION✳️ 
Where’s your line?

A real pandemic - the va**inated population is spreading variants of a d…
 We’ve had a lot of requests from the following communities for a gate, so let’s put it to a vote!

Which gate do you wan…
 Charter Schools work,  but Teacher's Unions want them to be closed.  The Democrat Politicians get millions from Teacher's Un…
 The united Divided States! To Mask or Not to Mask? Whats keeping us Divided?
 Who agrees that there should be a cap on the runaway payments to Scotland under the Barnett formula?
 If they are mandating v passports where you live to go into most public spaces , like LA and New York, will you get the…
 If UK citizens *somehow* got their EU citizenship or Freedom of Movement back via a court case of some kind, would you…
 I’m so sick of warmongering cable news constantly arguing against withdrawal. They never criticized other presidents for sta…
 @ArielElyseGold Which country does not do any of the following?
 - Uses Chemical Weapons On Its Own Citizens As Well as Ot…
 How would you grade Governor @GavinNewsom handling of the Pandemic?
 Do you think think Americans will sit back and allow the Communist Democrat Party destroy America?
 Out of these three countries, who has the best response to Covid?
 Which U.S President wrote the first draft of the Declaration of Independence?🤔🇺🇸
 Y'all already know but it needs to be reminded.

Which is the only country to use nuclear weapons against civilians?
 Legal Covid-19 restrictions came to an end on July 19th. Do you think this happened too soon, too late, or was it about…
 It's counter-intuitive, but if you're refusing to get vax'ed or fully vax'ed, which Federal political party are you likely t…
 Is America First really America first?
 Dear🇺🇸People, Cc, Mr.ContestedPOTUS&amp;VP:    
Instead of Govt forced illegal &amp; experimental vax jabs, lockdowns &amp; mask m…
 Do you trust the US government on foreign policy and COVID19?
 The last UK #GE gave the #ERGTories an 80-seat parliamentary majority. Assuming @UKLabour DOESN'T get behind a #ProgressiveAll…
 @drscottjensen America is ruled by a NWO Global communist mafia, led in large part by Barack Obama. The critical key to t…
 *Welsh Twitter poll alert*
How do you feel about politicians posting photos of themselves destroying @YesCymru sticker…
 Should ICE be abolished?
 Are refugees welcome in America?
 SHOULD THE UK ACCEPT BOAT MIGRANTS FROM FRANCE? RETWEET COMMENT PLEASE
 Do you support a seperate fully autonomous savarna state inside India? Pliss only savarna(unreserved) vote

rt for vis…
 Which is the most powerful religious symbol for the left?
 How are we as Afrikans going to heal from 500 years of Trauma?
 Blinken : "The military mission is over. A new diplomatic mission has begun."
Diplomacy is better than war
Do you agre…
 Do you trust mainstream journalists?
 Should the UK government be removed from power?

Vote. Comment. Retweet.
 In your opinion, what is the reason for the conflicts and future wars in the world?
Please participate in this survey for…
 @johnredwood Should England be an independent country? Please RT for a large response
 Before a yougov poll says we want this. Do you agree with uncontrolled immigration? Vote &amp; RT
 Do you think the United States is heading in the right direction, or are we on the wrong track?

Follow me @polls_unbia…
 Should young people be asked to give up their future in order for politicians to pretend they are doing something to prot…
 Who is the biggest threat to our security BORDER FARCE or RNLI or BOTH
 Do you trust BBC News to be unbiased?
 Poll: Overall, all things considered, is the UK monarchy a value-for-money, unifying source of forward-looking societal 'good'…
 Filibuster VS. #ArrestTrump 

IF YOU CAN ONLY HAVE ONE
— which headline do you choose?
 If a 9/11 magnitude terrorist attack took place in the US today, would the national response be united to a similar degree…
 Hurricane Ida is about to strike the Louisiana coast. Have you ever experienced a full-fledged hurricane?
 Do you TRUST our Government or Liberal News Media?
 Not what you think:  What non-Twitter, average Americans think post-speech w/ typical propoganda media spin.
 right wingers, how do you feel about anti-rich people jokes? guillotines, “send jeff bezos to space”, “eat the rich” etc. i…
 Given what we now know about the corruption in American government, when do you think the United States stopped being a…
 James Smith a director Pfizer, Ch Reuters Fdn, WEF agenda cont. President Reuters 8yr-Feb '20. Anti slavery awards given by Fdn…
 Which side we reppin?
 Imran Khan Govt has completed three years in office (Aug 2018 - Aug 2021); it faced several internal &amp; external challenges but…
 Which of the 2021 crises is most upsetting to you personally?
 Are we Witnessing the end of the Democrat Party?

Please Vote and Retweet
Comments Encouraged
 Do you think India has a misandry problem? #MensLivesMatter #MensLivesMatters
 Men who were deported to Zimbabwe on a charter flight last month are homeless and living in fear of the authorities, it…
 Just a harmless academic poll. Let's say hypothetically there was no partition and the choices of PM of India were the…
 Would you let @Renarchat get away with a war crime or two?
 Should I expose them now ???? I want 500 votes then it will happen
 What is the aim of New Reservation Policy from Modi Govt ?

 #75YearsOfSlaveSawarn
#MostPopularPmModi
#IndependenceDay 
Plea…
 The government’s “amber list” status governing travel restrictions to Britons’ favourite holiday destinations should be…
 Do you believe #antisemitism is more often motivated by malice or ignorance?
 Which is the more impeachable offense?
 Should there be a Jan 6th committee?
 If factions ceased to exist and you could play any race you wanted while also still keeping the same raid/pvp/m+ team, would…
 Please help to settle an debate that’s been going down in our discord. Which is the better Final Fantasy?
 @ABCPolitics Should tech companies be allowed to suspend or ban politicians from their platforms?

Follow me @polls_unb…
 Imran Khan PTI Govt has completed 03 years (Aug2018-Aug2021); it had promised a new "Naya Pakistan"; do you feel country, its…
 .@GBNEWS, let’s try this again, but run it longer so it gets out of your echo chamber.

Is Brexit a Success?
 @4YrsToday Who has US CITIZENS’ best interests at heart?
 Is the REAL PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS caused by the Communist Democrat Politicians who are spreading lies about the Covid-19 vacc…
 Mr.ContestedPOTUS&amp;VP, There r some popular phrases referring to your Administration lately! Lets survey the🇺🇸people to…
 Today on her show, Nana is asking 

Is it time to stop meddling in the Middle East?
 Should we reveal the people who are taking part in pride 100?
 Question for non-Kiwis🇳🇿:

Who did better responding to COVID: Jacinta Ardern's New Zealand or your country?
 Just in case someone at the BBC or Met Office or even the IPCC are reading this.. Is CO2 the climate control knob for…
 @RealStephenKerr Should Scotland be an independent country? Please RT for a large response
 Supreme Court
 Do you think that immigration into the UK is currently, too high, too low, or about right? #Immigration #Politics #Unit…
 POLL: Are the insane Republican COVID policies a winnin’ strategy for 2022?
 We have a political ideology sharing with the left and right side of politics and we are interested to hear yours. 

W…
 POLL: Who is a bigger threat to America?
 100 days of @mkstalin Govt.  What's your assessment?
 What is the most important issue Britain/British are facing? What would you address first|? @TiceRichard @reformparty_uk…
 Who has murdered more innocent people?
 Without the corporate press they can't sell it, and without the cops they can't enforce it. Which do you hate more?
 The ANC can't pay salaries again. They blame the pandemic. Do you believe them or do you think the state capture enquiry ha…
 Another debatable poll that has no significant meaning other than me just wanting to get angry at people who do things…
 Is capitalism evil?
 OPINION:

With #Israel &amp; the #UK (AND US) pursuing the diplomatic route regarding #Iran|'s alleged attack on #MercerStree…
 Rory Stewart says "The UK Government should form an international coalition to provide routes, funding and safe haven f…
 Maximum number of ISIS terrorists from India are Mallus. Maximum number of votes (20) against scrapping Article 370 were…
 Was herd immunity the Government plan all along?
 Who thinks Furlough has been too long  #cjrs #furlough #Covid19UK
 How do you think NHS healthcare should be funded? #NHS #Politics #Twitter #Polls
 Poll: In your opinion, which country contributed most to the defeat of Germany in 1945?
 In your view, are environmental policies generally beneficial or detrimental to the economy and businesses in the Unite…
 WILL DEMOCRATS RAISE TAXES? RETWEET COMMENT PLEASE
 Trying to settle an argument. 

What’s is the most popular NBA team in Africa? 
You can reply or quote if it’s a different te…
 We must answer the question...
 Are you happy with the job Congress is doing?
 Can you name the dominant ethnic group in Vietnam?
 Who would be happy to replace the white supremacist GOP with immigrants coming in?  Vote and RT.
 #Resisters Poll:

What’s the biggest news story of the week?

#FreshVoicesRise #OneV1 #Dems4USA
 ARE SOME POLITICAL PARTIES INCITING TERROR ATTACKS ON POLITICAL WORKERS IN J&amp;K?
#JantaKaMukadma
@pradip103 @IndiaNews_itv #…
 The Supreme Court ruled after the Civil War that no legislator, governor or president can ignore the constitution &amp; shut do…
 what's a bigger threat to the USA? (RT)
 Did the Reinstatement happen?
 If you contract #COVID in the United States, what is the likelihood you will die? 

Vote any Retweet!
 What should the level of immigration to the UK be?
 Okay So here are some of the major causes I’ve been seeing from all of you… maybe we can vote on a cause and then find the r…
 Would you chose I or 2? (1)Let Harambe get killed so we can get the idea.
(2) Or don’t let Harambe get killed and not get…
 Do you think #Guwahati residents are following the #COVID19 7 PM curfew guideline? If not, what kind of violations have y…
 Without looking, which has more nuclear weapons: North Korea or North Dakota? (pls RT)
 @BreitbartNews Parents, are you going to allow this or take to the streets and fight this!

REMEMBER, POLITICIANS WORK FOR U…
 Is America going to have a Civil War?
 Seeing so many academic economists citing climate change as the biggest issue this election. Are they correct, or comple…
 Poll: Is the "U"K🇬🇧 being "punished" by the #EU🇪🇺 (for #Brexit) by being treated the same way as every other #3rdCountry?
 
(P…
 Which Opposition Tandems do you think will have a bigger chances of Winning vs the DEMONIC Tandem/s of the Administration?
 Just Curious.. I Read An Article That Says More Women Are Voting For Trudeau Than Men.. Ok Canadian Women This Is For You…
 We're not backed by any PACs or special interests, but we have something better: you, the people. We need every bit of hel…
 Are our leaders complicit in some kind of plan that they are keeping from us, or are they incompetent?
 Which of these issues should the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan prioritise? 

Please RT for a broad sample. 🔁 

#KhanMustGo👉
 @POTUS Do you want your taxes to be increased to pay for climate change?
 Would you agree that I take all the Axies and redistribute them fairly? @rosa_del_abril @AiravyN @LowieSinogbuhan @RoseVill…
 Poll for today evening , it’s having few suggestions which came in past few days , No Politics In SSR Case
 The major Conservative Party donor (Business tycoon Mohamed Amersi) at the centre of an alleged “cash for access” row p…
 Y’all think they would’ve canceled Pimp C in today’s society?
 Generally speaking, do you think the sentences that the courts hand down to people who have been convicted of crimes ar…
 Do you think the moratorium will drive landlords out of business?
 Hey, Twitter. Is your anger at the failure of NSW to get #COVID19 even slightly under control aimed more today at which of t…
 What would you attribute to be causing the most death/destruction in the world today?
 Which will end up killing the most innocent people?
 In our Barulamaanee, some MPs will come to Majlis without contesting in the election via a National List.

These are usually…
 Which political party, with their present leaderships, would be more likely to lead Britain into another major war abroad…
 Do the ends justify the means?
 What do you think most politicians want more than anything else?

(Please retweet for a wider sample.)
 The Swedish 🇸🇪 Pandemic Handling has been claimed by ministers to lack a formal plan.

Question:
What source of power do you…
 David Cameron made $10 million out of Greensill Capital, the now-collapsed bank who he lobbied the government on behalf…
 ▪️Do you believe the authority of the Taoiseach, Micheál Martin has been damaged by his handling of the Katherine Zappone deb…
 On the whole, has 14 years of SNP government been good or bad for Scotland?

Please Retweet
 Do you agree with @jkenney 's and the @UCP 's decision to refuse on-reserve voting in the upcoming plebiscites and Sena…
 Is COVID spreading?
 How well or badly do you think Boris Johnson and his government have handled the coronavirus pandemic? #BorisJohnson #C…
 How should Scotland go?
 Does some part of you root for India when they’re in contention for a medal? 
(Poll for Pakistanis)
 The Mountain Bluebird is known as the official bird of which U.S. state? 🤔🇺🇸
 This should be interesting...

We want as many different opinions as possible, so please share!

Are you more concerned ab…
 Who thinks the Pentagon should be downgraded, to at least the normal defence force instead of the usual attack force that i…
 The Greatest Threat to America is….
 [121]

Nepotism is when someone in a position of power in a certain field or job shows favoritism towards their OWN fa…
 What is the best way to understand Marxism?
#marxism #Marxist #Marx #Poll
 VAX PASSPORTS / CLIMATE CHANGE / NWO = lost human rights

We’re in the Last Chance Saloon. 
There is no ‘saviour’ out…
 Which was more culturally significant?
 Workers must be "unequivocally" told by ministers to return to the office or the UK will fall behind its global competi…
 Who would you rather have as Governor of your State in a global pandemic?
 1. World Awaits Justice 4 SSR              2. CBI Prioritize SSR Justice                 3. CBI Ensure SSR Justice…
 CANADIANS: how interested are you in the topic of national unity? 🤔
 When are we going back to the world we once lived in? 
When will #COVID19pandemic settle down?
 Do you want your tax dollars to pay for climate change?
 How of any of the 73 million children in the United States have died of COVID-19?
 Who would you have supported during Eighty Years' War AKA Dutch War of Independence (1568–1648)?
 Do you oppose...?
 As #Liberals threaten a #COVID19 pandemic election in the next few days, after 6 years what is Justin Trudeau’s most egregiou…
 Poll: "Under #FPTP @UKLabour is never going to win a General Election on its own again so we'll have #Tory governments until a…
 The government should establish a permanent part-time furlough scheme to protect workers’ jobs during recessions and do…
 Do you support #amnesty for illegal aliens?
 #OgunPOLL AUGUST, 2021. 

Strictly for Ogun Residents🚨. 

How do you think the Governor @dabiodunMFR admin has fared in…
 Which of the following do you think is the most important issue facing the United Kingdom at this moment in time? #Unit…
 When do you think Australia should "open up"? #COVID19Aus #auspol
 do you agree that anybody who is forced to resign a sports club membership because they did not believe in Covid should be…
 @SaraCarterDC @POTUS WE DEMAND A FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF THE 2020 ELECTION IN ALL STATES!

PUT THE LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT TRUMP…
 Do you believe that the Government has used the Attorney General to provide political cover to the Tánaiste @LeoVaradkar, aft…
 Should our Monarchy be abolished? 

#TheQueen #RoyalFamily #monarchy
 The government has privatized Everything, yet you are Desperate to give the railway exam, it is better to hold a job i…
 When will we get back to ‘normal’, and regain our FREEDOM?
 Do you think the end of furlough will mean thousands of job losses?

#Furlough #jobsearch #JobLosses
 How many South Africans out there are planning to leave the country (hopefully permanently) for better living conditions and/or…
 Because so many people are fleeing Gavin Newsom's shithole, California is going to lose a seat in the House. Which one of…
 @watanabaeparky has been accused as a Black Hat Hacker. Please defend yourself but do not vote in the poll. @pledis_17
 Who is the enemy of the Republicans /Tories ?
 Do you agree with the recent attempts to return people to lockdown status?
 Every day there are rapes and murders by illegal immigrants. What would you prefer as a sentence for the crime?
 Do you think we are living in the end times?
 Do you support the return of Pahlavi to Iran ?
 Are the erratic politicians implementing heartless lockdowns and restrictions paid off &amp; compromised, or simply governin…
 Do you believe at least some Capitol Police officers were in on the plot to overturn the election?
 Shall we expand to:
Reply with what you think!
 Does the United States need more than 2 major political parties?
 SNAP POLL: Who do you blame MOST for the continual chaos at Dover for the past 2 years?

Please vote and share ...
 Rishi Sunak is calling for relaxation of holiday rules. 

Is the Chancellor right to demand the lifting of restrictions on i…
 In which political direction have you moved as you've grown older?
 The UK Gov &amp; its MPs have failed to meet the public in any meaningful way during the 'pandemic', COVID cures all after…
 What will be the Jonah Goldberg/David French True Conservative™️ reaction to *'s unconstitutional🚢🚢🚢🚢eviction ban?
 Has the British Government Shown Itself To Be An Enemy Of The People - A Tyranny?
 Imran Khan Govt has completed 03 years (Aug 18- Aug 21); it faced several external challenges; what in your opinion were its b…
 All computers can get hacked,  but Dominion (Voting machines) are trying to say that their system is safe. Lindell proved th…
 Will @DanielAndrewsMP and @VictorianCHO accept covid-zero is dead? Or are they going to double down? #Springst #auspol
 We can get Turd to defend at least one more trashbag before the wifi goes kaput. Who should it be?
 👉🏻T or F👈🏻
The US Federal Govt = largest Organized-Crime Syndicate in history.
 Should non-citizens be allowed to buy property in Ireland?
 ▪️Do you trust the government to tell you the truth on the Zappone Appointment?
 Do you TRUST the propaganda coming from CDC and White House?

Let us see what you think!  RT RT RT
 Poll - Tobias Ellwood, chair of parliament's defence committee, which is meant to scrutinise UK military policy, is als…
 Which is more terrifying? The rise of
 Israel &amp; Iceland are over 90% v*xxed, locked down hard &amp; now have lots of Covid cases

Neither is true for Sweden &amp; they basi…
 QUESTION? 🤔

Why is practically every government around the world attempting to implement the same exact TOTALITARIAN C…
 So covid is running rampant in my area right now and I know too many people fighting it.  Would y'all be interested in…
 Poll 🇨🇦

The @UN "Global Migration Compact"(2018) has been rejected by US, Israel, Poland, Hungary &amp; Czech Rep.

Shoul…
 Should British schools be forced to teach Arabic numbers?
 Which of the following poses the greatest threat to humanity?
 Is jailbreaking dead? #poll
 HOW MANY EXCESS PEOPLE DO YOU THINK HAVE DIED NOT OF COVID BUT BECAUSE OF COVID government restrictions, actions and canc…
 Which is the dumbest state?
 Do you think Politicians are taking Hydroxychloroquine to make sure they don't get Covid-19?
 @ChuckCallesto COMMUNISM IS IN AMERICA
 The #US, a global leader in medical technology, logged 36 million #COVID19 cases and over 610,000 deaths, both the highes…
 #OpinionofTheNation | #देश_की_राय 

13. Should a Uniform Civil code be implemented in India?
 Which regime is more authoritarian?
 Do you think we will have settlements totaling a million or more people on another planet within the next hundred years?
 Poll: In a civilised, western society charities should not need to exist to do the job of government (foodbanks, homelessness…
 Out of the three politicians below, who do you believe?
 When do you think the ANC will be go below 50% in a national election?
 The lies Morrison &amp; Berejiklian are telling are shocking.

Thank god other Premiers don’t seem up for their fucking bullshit…
 Is it time to rise up and take back America from the Communist Democrats who are destroying OUR AMERICA?
 With the resignation of the PN government what do you think is most likely government to be formed next? Put your realis…
 If a medical apartheid emerges, which group would be for you?
 Shops and restaurants could be forced to turn to prisoners to help them plug the gaps caused by staff shortages.

Do you think…
 #OpinionofTheNation | #देश_की_राय 

3. What do think about the current state of democracy in India?
 Which leadership team is the greater danger to civilised society? 🤔
 What's more dangerous?
 In your honest opinion,  has Brexit been a success? 
Please share for coverage.
 @andrewbogut has suggested a 50% pay cut for politicians at all levels of government in solidarity with workers who’s li…
 @camiloreports Do you agree with the Biden administration pursuing legal options against Texas over the Border?

Follow…
 What do you believe these coincidental protests at Trudeau Campaign rallies are really all about ?
 How many people think the pen license should be banned in school?
 Conspiracy Theories: 8 
The Russian Government tried to influence the EU referendum?
 What's more important:

Get Starmer and the "centrists" out from Labour even if it means 4 more years Tory misrule

Or

Get th…
 Who is most responsible for causing #biodiversity loss?
 POLL: Which of the following descriptions of the African National Congress do you believe best captures the essence of the…
 Which country will be the greatest geopolitical threat to China in five years?
 Are military interventions ever justified?
 @TerribleTerry15 Do you think real Americans will take our country back?
 TODAYS POLL

Given the UK govt has had to bring in the British Army to drive HGV trucks to deliver food &amp; essentials to s…
 Who defeated the nazis
 Question 33 (Survey): Politically speaking, some people gravitate left, some right, and some towards the center; highlighting…
 If next Saturday was #indyref2...

Do you believe Scotland should be an independent country?

Please retweet for bigger samp…
 Would you be in favour of significantly raising taxes on the super wealthy and on corporations to increase spending on key…
 NPHET are concerned about increased community spread of Covid19 and many online are suggesting more lockdowns maybe neces…
 Today’s poll/question 

If the purge was an actual thing and you could lawfully kill for 24 hours would you go out and…
 Let’s settle this once and for all; in n out or whataburger? And let’s see if there’s any biases. Vote and retweet
 Would you rather live in a country with a benevolent dictatorship that consistently enacted policies consistent with your…
 4 day case bomb today.    Wine country was threatened with (checks notes) 80 cases a day and our PHO was forced to bri…
 Very few people are inherently honest and with impeccable integrity. We only complain about corruption and washwash because an…
 Which state has the worse Governor?

#DAJustAsking
 Are you ready to take to the streets and fight to save America?  

Joe is NOT a legal President!  We need audits to prove th…
 Would you be willing to pay more in tax so that the NHS could be funded more? #NHS #Nurses #Doctors #Politics #Governme…
 Which insurrectionist should the January 6 committee subpoena first?
 Is it time to save America and take to the streets like they're doing in Australia?
 If the present American flag is eventually retired by Uncle Sam, would you rather see a replacement instituted (knowin…
 What did we really get in 1947 ?
 Who’s a bigger threat?
 @seanhannity The Communist Democratic Party is full of people who have dementia and are clinically crazy!
 Do you think the PEOPLE HAVE THE RIGHTS TO SEE THE RESULTS OF THE ELECTION IN THEIR STATE and have an audit?
 SO FAR OUR NAMES ARE
 #Poll: Six in 10 people in #Britain say they do not trust #BorisJohnson 
Do you trust our #PrimeMinister ?
Please retweet.
 According to your current understanding, do immigrants become voting citizens under an "open borders" policy?
 Where will society be in 10 years?
 Of these works, which is the best as an introductory source on communism?
A. Foundations of Leninism by Stalin
B. The P…
 Would you rather investigate: the Knights of Pythias Hall or the Territorial Enterprise building? 👀

#GhostAdventures
 Question 36 (Survey): The world is beset with challenges; fires, droughts, rogue weather, incursions, insurrections, pandemic…
 Are you rooting for the US to take home the 🥇?
 Should the Pledge of Allegiance  be recited in school?
 Should America try to police the world in the name of “Freedom”
 #California… Should we #RecallGavinNewsom ?
 Although this evil agenda is being rolled out around the world, it’s clear the Commonwealth countries are getting it far wors…
 In your opinion, has the UK Government handled the coronavirus crisis well? #Coronavirus #Politics #Government #Twitter…
 If you were the Chair/Speaker and had to kick one of these idi0ts out of the Parliament, whom would you suspend?
 The US does not have a moral authority to be a world leader!
 Has the UK Government gone mad ?
 @tracied51 @Dustoff_45 WE DEMAND A FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF THE 2020 ELECTION IN ALL STATES!

PUT THE LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT TRU…
 What caused the twin towers to collapse on 9/11?
 Should non-violent felons lose their gun rights?
 @SlayerWolf11 @TheLamarckian Should people who try to STEAL ELECTIONS GET LIFE IN PRISON?
 POLL: Is it time to Ban Huawei from Canada?
#CCP
 Is critical race theory true?
 Calls for Murdo Fraser to resign, after his comments about deploying of tanks to deal with COP26 protesters in Glasgow 

Do you…
 Is there anyone in Government you can trust?
 The Indian state bans every single Hindu festival so what should be the #Hindu response to these so called national festi…
 Conservative, you know the Left's "America is racist!" narrative is largely false.

But, do you agree with @charlesmurray…
 Conspiracy theories are a direct threat to a functioning society. There is absolutely nothing wrong with social media plat…
 Poll: The UK has never had a referendum on #PR (only on #AV), probably because neither #CON nor #LAB want to give up on the "t…
 If a mob of rabid fundamentalists stop you on the road &amp; force you to chant religious slogans - what will you do?
 #OpinionofTheNation | #देश_की_राय 

14. Do you think corruption has increased in the country?
 The Democrats are about to suffer a massive blow to their hold on power. How long will it last?
 Should Australia try to 'live with' COVID?

#auspol
#auspol2021 
#COVID19Aus
 Who relies on @BBCNews for their information on current affairs?
 What's the biggest current threat to the American people? Please vote and share.
 What is the most likely cause? 🧐
 Do you support this current uncontrolled immigration by the .@Conservatives ?
 Black Tax Kills Our Future 
💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔
#Africansociety
 Do you support Extinction Rebellion?
 Next year sees a Stormont circus election where the usual tedious sectarian keep the other side out politics will be i…
 Can terrorists be de-radicalised?

@PatrickChristys | #talkRADIO
 Do you sense that a deliberate, well orchestrated, well funded "Regional &amp; International Script" is in place to make the comin…
 The solution to our problem of ‘elite overproduction’ is:
 Say what you want, but Tony Blair has a special place for leading the last Labour Government.

How do you feel about h…
 Are you racist?
 #OpinionofTheNation | #देश_की_राय 

9. How satisfied are you with the overall performance of the NDA Government?
 Liberal Democrats Swing Poll
Coalition supporters who have opted to not get injected with the experimental COVID drugs st…
 Do you think the United States is getting progressively dumber due to Trumpism, misinformation, and far-right extremism?

😏😏😏
 Does the UK Gov treat Scotland and Wales as equals members of the Union?
 I support the Morrison/Gladys Freedom Day model
 Conspiracy Theories: 4
The earth has been visited by aliens?
 How long before they invoke the 25th Amendment??

Please R/
 Should the England football team boycott the 2022 World Cup in Qatar,
 GOP manipulating MAGAts to get sick with COVID—to profit off them.

Rand Paul hid stock in remdesivir.

Ron Desantis Mon…
 What is your fair scenario for the debate?
 Apparently GB News did a poll to see how many thought Brexit was a success &amp; 61% thought it was 🤣🤣. What do you think?
 SO, I COULD BE WRONG HERE- VERY WRONG. BUT I HIGHLY DOUBT ANY KINETIC ACTION WILL OCCUR FROM EITHER #Britian #US OR #Isra…
 How much trouble is Sluggo in at the Parliamentary inquiry later this week?
#SlugGate #SlugGateSutton
 Sex or gender
In many countries, women are paid far lower wages than men. #Safe2Choose
#Chanuka
 Just a quick survey to see who’s still around.? In these cold, silent times 😢
Who’s your bias now? if none of the above pleas…
 @ChuckCallesto Do you think it was suicide by a Democrat Communist Politician?
 Honest question time- Which of these is the biggest foreign policy failures of the past 50 years  from this list?

@Po…
 👆2/2
 
Poll: How dangerously neo-fascist do you perceive the #ERGToryParty &amp; #ERGToryGovernment to be?
 
(Please retweet for s…
 There are 193 countries in UN . How many are less #racist than Britain ? #BLM #BlackLivesMatter
 In principle, would you support or oppose a large increase in the amount of new housing built in Britain? #Politics
 @sumanthraman @mkstalin 8 years  of 
@narendramodi Govt.  What's your assessment?
 According to you who's Racist?
 Do you want your country to take refugees from Afganistan, remember PEW survey found 99% of them want Sharia Rule.
 Which race does the MSM media incorrectly say is bad, racist, the biggest terror threat,  privileged, owes the world,  is…
 #OpinionofTheNation | #देश_की_राय 

1. Where do you see the Economy in the next six months?
 Should Marijuana be Federally Legalized? 
Please reply with which state you live in. Thank you.
 Ministers breached their own guidance by failing to wear face masks in the House of Commons during a debate on Afghanis…
 Was Covid-19 the plan to steal an Election, take away our Freedoms, and bring Communism to America?
 Houses for refugees 🏠

Waiting lists for Brits 📄

Do you agree?
 Poll: 

I’ve heard claims as high as 70% of Americans have taken the jab. I don’t believe it. No shame. Anonymous poll…
 *Important Poll*:
Do you believe that the Irish Government/NPHET/HSE have done all they can to try and keep children and st…
 "Bts paved the way for all the kpop groups"
 [A generalized poll not intended for anyone particularly] Whom do you think is the - "LEADER" - of #JusticeForSushantSinghR…
 Is it mean to protest outside the house of a gig CEO?

Asking as we're protesting outside Doordash CEO's house on Thurs…
 Dozens of local councils, Towns and cities across the UK are calling for the government to take in more refugees in res…
 VOTE: In anticipation of an election call, and in violation of sections of the Charter and union employment agreements, th…
 Americans: The Biden administration is discussing restrictions on interstate travel to curb the virus. Would you suppor…
 Our biggest THREAT...
 When did global warming become real, manmade AND dangerous?

#ClimateEmergency #COP26 #IPCCReport #ClimateCrisis
 Let’s see what the community thinks
 Life would be almost 100% back to normal by now if only legal votes were counted on November 3, 2020 and the rightful winners w…
 Does the direction of Govt. policy change if the Liberals get a majority of MPs versus a minority of MPs ?

Your thoughts o…
 Does a new Anti-Cheat in Warzone matter to you?
 How many children in Florida will have to get COVID before everyone in Florida understands that their governor is a pander…
 Is it time to take to the streets in Washington DC (like the people in other Countries are doing) and fight against the Comm…
 Do women deserve rights?
 Which Prime Minister of Pakistan developed a better image of Pakistan in the world?
 In hindsight, do you think Britain was right or wrong to vote to leave the EU? #Brexit #Politics #EuropeanUnion #Govern…
 Poll: Do you support the global use of lockdown policies, and do you believe the CCP eliminated COVID from China by loc…
 Is it time for the Militaries around the World to protect their citizens from their corrupt Leaders who are ruling them in t…
 In a week today we’ll know if @ScottMorrisonMP will appeal Justice White’s decision that ‘National Cabinet’ isn’t a Ca…
 Which is more harmful to society?
 Which political party do you think is more concerned with the needs of people like you?  Other, Comment below!

Follow…
 [LIVE]  What do you make of the possibility of another security threat to communities since July? 

Law Enforcement Agencies…
 Do you have confidence in Priti Patel when it comes to keeping Britain and the British people safe ?

Please RT.
 Are we a big-hearted nation, have you been asked...?
 Which country is the most totalitarian?
 Does ‘liberal’ have a negative connotation?
 What’s the worst thing about the UK?
Please RT
 When should the Green Party stop opposing HS2?
 In the United States the most important aspect of what constitutes a constitutional republic is the continued protection o…
 Is there another state that is actually worse than NY? I think we may be number 1. https://t.co/AXKLL95G7S
 How many regime changes has the United States undergone?

Follow-up: Where do you demarcate them?
 Who has killed more Americans?
 Should we crowdfund for a billboard to be made with Turd's phrases on it for downtown LA?
#JusticeForJohnnyDepp
 Scotland‘s deficit more than doubled to £36.3bn, or 22.4% of GDP in 2020-21, highest figure since devolution, but it sh…
 Who would you trust to keep an international agreement?
 ⛪️⛪️⛪️

Here's a question for my Christian brethren: what is your local Church's polity?

(For those of you who don't kn…
 Who controls the Capitol Police Department? 
Vote and Retweet
 Are Americans going to let an administration THIS ABSOLUTELY INCOMPETENT tell us what to do about this GD flu going around?
 Boris Johnson’s government will continue to hold migrants at a former army barracks in Kent in defiance of a court ruli…
 Who believes that this only ends with a takedown of all world governments?
 Do you think the Government is telling us the truth about Covid-19?
 @DrShayPhD Do you TRUST our Government or Liberal News Media?
 True or false: 

"I believe some broad level of student loan forgiveness initiated by Executive or Legislative power will…
 POLL: What is the Morrison government best known for?
 Was capitalism a necessary historical phase?
 Do you view using the State to limit the State as compatible with the anarchist movement?
Retweet for larger sample size.
 Pop Quiz:

Who killed more Americans?
 Who needs to support us?
#CancelNEBExams
 Boris Johnson must urgently rethink the UK’s resettlement scheme for people in Afghanistan to save lives at immediate r…
 Should Democrats use reconciliation on infrastructure?
 We are being denied basic services on the road, as in proper sit down meals, and more important, showers and imenities. Would…
 Should we bring back Grammar Schools?

We're debating this RIGHT NOW on GB News

Let me know what you think!
 The #Jan6 riot was an attack on our #democracy, but it was never labeled an act of domestic terrorism and none of the over…
 Do you think the National Health Service is underfunded? #NHS #Government #Politics
 Who is the most tyrannical leader of a first world country right now? #nwo #greatreset #NoVaccinePassportsAnywhere #KlausSch…
 Who is a bigger threat to your community?
 If Alba the political party were to organise a march for Scottish Independence and lead by Alex Salmond would you atten…
 The Andrews Govt..in its death throes or still relevant?
 What percentage of the people the media describe as "anti vaxxers" are merely "pro choice?"
 Read the text of both amendments in the following tweet and vote here. You can make your case in the comments.
 Should Maricopa County comply with the subpoenas for election materials related to the audit of the 2020 election?
 Who do you distrust the most?

Please tweet for maximum coverage.
 POLL:

Have political leaders (of both parties) done enough to contain the spread and damage of #COVID19?
 People of #Lincolnshire 👋

I know geographically Lincolnshire is classed as the East Midlands, but regardless of where yo…
 Can capitalism be tweaked to prevent devastating #climatechange?
 What is MORE likely to enslave all of humanity?
 Would you rather our federal government had given 25 billion dollars to people like Gerry Harvey, Rupert Murdoch, Kerry Stok…
