 🇬🇧 GB News showing that several people interviewed in street wd be happy to house Afghan refugees.

Assuming YOU had a spar…
 Let’s hold a vote. Do you think the UK should be taking up to 20,000 Afghan refugees?
 #Afghanistan 

- Deploying more troops to Afghanistan ‘not the solution', says defence secretary

- Do you agree? #ShareYo…
 Should India allow the Taliban terrorist rulers to operate the Afghanistan Embassy in Delhi, or should India close it d…
 Godse apologists  among Hindus far outnumber #Taliban apologists  among #indianmuslims. Agree? ₹Afghanistan
 How many Americans will end up being held hostage in Afghanistan.  Just your gut feeling.

Retweet for wider disseminat…
 How do you feel about the upcoming Afghan refugee resettlement scheme?
 On a scale of 0 to 10, rank the success rate of President Joe Biden's evacuation of Americans and others out of Afghanis…
 Y’all are mad if we don’t bring our troops home from Afghanistan, but then mad that we’re not sending them back to hel…
 Events in Afghanistan is reverberating around the world. The Talibans are now FULLY in charge and ruling the country.

As a…
 Afghanistan is braced for a full-scale return to Islamist Taliban rule after the government collapsed. Was western intervent…
 What is the Afghanistan situation about?
 Do you think the withdrawal of Afghanistan and everything that’s going on surrounding it has made more people anti-war?
 What should the response be of our governments to the Taliban take over of Afghanistan?
 Who has LESS credibility
The Administration and Demonrats for the Afghan DEBACLE for stranding Americans and Supplying the…
 Do you believe the taliban story and if not why not?
 How would you rate the UK Tory Government handling of Afghanistan fall to the Taliban?
 POLL: Will the situation in Afghanistan hurt President Biden's chances for re-election?
 Is anyone to blame for what is going on in Afghanistan?
 Heres a great question

Would you take an Afghan refugee into your family home?
 Who do you blame for the #AfghanistanCrisis?

RETWEET FOR BETTER RESULTS!
 The next target of the Taliban is India. Will India be able to stop the Taliban?
#Afghanistan
#Kabul
 What political party would #Kashmiris like to be represent by to gain support with #KashmirCause &amp; help towards the tr…
 I want to make a thread about what is going on in Afghanistan 🇦🇫 should I do it??
 If US has evidence (video, humint or signal intel) that #Taliban kills a US/NATO soldier or a US citizen, will @POTUS…
 Who's Responsible For The Debacle In Afghanistan?
 Who's the first official spokesperson of Taliban in India? Do not forget to RT 🙏
 Will Biden ever take an unscripted question on Afghanistan- like who put the Taliban in charge? Did the Taliban give us the “ta…
 Did @JoeBiden live up to his promise that no Americans would be left behind? 

#Afghanistan
 Admiral Kirby ADMITS he is working w/the Taliban to help the U.S. get Afghans to the Kabul airport for evacuation

How-do-w…
 When was the Taliban stronger?
 WILL ISIS ATTACK IN THE USA? RETWEET PLEASE
 Afghanistan Has Collapsed Into Chaos And Misery 😢
Biden IGNORED His Military Leaders And Rushed To Withdrawal, Leaving W…
 Who do you blame for the FAILED plan to leave Afghanistan?
 Would you bring an Afghan refugee into your home?
 Who's your choice for Ambassador to Afghanistan?
 Is Biden and Harris responsible for Afghan deaths-Premediated murder.
 I propose we exchange Darren Grimes for ‘many many millions’ of Afghan refugees. Would you support such a move?
#craft…
 The government has announced that 20,000 Afghan refuges can settle in the UK in the coming years. Taking everything into con…
 The Afghanistan failure is in large part the fault of:
 Afghan Taliban have defeated America with the power of faith &amp; divine support; imposition of Sharia will further empower them;…
 @Breaking911 Will the war in Afghanistan happen again now that the Taliban have taken over?
 Second Sunday poll -- Do you think the UK government should now give formal diplomatic recognition to the Taliban gover…
 Why didn’t the Taliban attack Afghanistan when Trump was in office?
 Do you think it was part of Joe's plan to leave our Billion dollars in high tech military equipment in Afghanistan so China…
 Priti Patel is facing growing pressure to create a safe route to the UK for Afghans fleeing the Taliban amid warnings o…
 Right wing Taliban ideology goes with which party in India?

(they r using religion,dress codes, beat &amp; kill in the na…
 Do you think the UK does or does not have a moral obligation to offer asylum to Afghan refugees fleeing the Taliban? #A…
 "The USA won't fight Taliba again when #Afganistan are not willing to die for her Freedom" - Joe Biden, US President

Th…
 Do you support the US withdrawal of Afghanistan?
 How do you view Muammar Gaddafi?
(https://t.co/CWZJPhOF1X)
 Journalist are on TV trying to figure out what Biden knows &amp; why Biden doesn't know about why what happened in Afghanistan…
 Who is most to blame for Afghanistan?
 Should the UK accept Afghan migrants?
 Do you think Afghans will change their beliefs when they come to America so they will abide by our laws?
 POLL PLEASE VOTE AND RT.
DO YOU AGREE WITH THE GOVERNMENT'S DECISION TO DOUBLE THE AMOUNT OF FOREIGN AID TO AFGHANISTAN,…
 Should Americans stuck in Afghanistan pay for their own evacuation? 

#Afghanishtan
 Afghan refugees arriving illegally by boat will not be given special treatment, Priti Patel has warned. Do you think th…
 Who actually cares about our troops?
 @DonaldJTrumpJr We do not know who boarded the planes from Afghanistan!

Do you think Taliban entered those planes?
 Should the US military stay longer than the August 31st deadline, even if it risks confrontation with the Taliban?
 Should British forces intervene in Afghanistan if the Taliban support terrorists threatening the U.K.?

@nickdebois
 Who would be your ideal PM, if only restricted to these four, for the current times? #afghanistan #COVID19 #Brexit #ClimateCrisis
 Should Britain be offering Asylum to "Tens Of Thousands" of Afghan refugees?

Retweets are appreciated

#Afghanistan #Refug…
 🚨| Would you support Afghan Refugees coming to the UK? 

I would personally support those who helped British Armed Forces bein…
 To prevent the Taliban from seizing Afghanistan all Biden had to do was NOTHING

Biden should've left the 2500 U.S. Troops…
 Should Tony Blair and George Bush be sent to The Hague for war crimes, given their destruction of Iraq and Afghanistan,…
 Is #Biden responsible for the fall of #Afghanistan
 Joe Biden was asked a serious Afghanistan evacuation question.  What will you do for Americans left after Aug. 31?

This time…
 Should the @BJP4India govt of @narendramodi accept #Afghanishtan refugees fleeing the #Talibans ?
 Should the US take in the Afghan refugees?
 Thank you President Biden for ending the war in Afghanistan?
 Who must be held accountable for any Kiwis and their support Teams and families left in Afghanistan to face the Taliban?
 The US, UK and Western allies have now withdrawn their troops from Afghanistan. Do you support or oppose this withdrawa…
 Who should cover live from Afghanistan?
 Did Trump make a good deal with the Taliban?
 Boris Johnson has said he would work with the Taliban insurgency if necessary to “find a solution” for Afghanistan. Do…
 If you had Loved one's in Afghanistan who would you be most angry with, Biden and his administration for deserting them or go…
 Is the UK government right to withdraw troops from Afghanistan?

Join The Afternoon Agenda with Alex Phillips from 4pm-6pm
 Modi is Destroyer of Peace. 🤡🤡
Vote and Share 🗳️
👇👇👇
#KashmiriLivesMatter 
#5thAugustBlackDay 
#Article370
 Do you support the withdrawal of US forces from #Afganistan?
 Read this somewhere today: #Afghanistan’s situation has exposed the #TaIiban inside #INDIA. True?
 How soon will Kabul fall to the Taliban?
 Should EU recognise Taliban the legitimate government of Afghanistan? 

- RT for larger sample size -
 Did Trump release 5,000 Taliban prisoners?
 On the current course will the Taliban
 Who is responsible for the terrible situation in Afghanistan?
 In your opinion, should the US and allies in the War on Afghanistan give refugee status to local Afghanis and their fa…
 Who y’all think the majority of Afghanis  want in charge of their country?
 Would you welcome a refugee from Afghanistan to live in your home? Let us know your reasons.

📧Email us: gbviews@gbnews.uk
👇Twe…
 What percent of the GOP even know where Afghanistan is?  Vote and RT.
 Nobody knows who are on the planes leaving Afghanistan.  Nobody's being vetted.
 Who bears most responsibility for US failure in Afghanistan?
 Do you support the government bringing 20,000 Afghan refugees to Britain? (At a cost of £200 million per 5000)
 Do you believe that things would be spiraling out of control in Afghanistan if President Trump were still in the White…
 Do you want to help Afghan refugees?
 Do you agree with how Joe left Afghanistan?
 Unscientific Twitter Poll #3:

Who is more to blame for the Taliban taking over Afghanistan, President Biden or former…
 @NewDayForNJ If you were given the choice, which would you choose? #afghanistan #biden #taliban #kabul
 Biden &amp; his administration have done a ______ job dealing with Afghanistan.
 🇰🇪🇺🇸 DO YOU FEEL THAT THE USA IS AT LEAST PARTIALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BRUTAL TALIBAN RETAKE OF AFGHANISTAN❓

🔁 Pleas…
 @charliekirk11 Why is it that the last planes that left Afghanistan had NO AMERICANS on it?
 Would you be willing to pay more council tax to house Afghan refugees? #Politics
 What grade do you give Joe Biden’s handling of Afghanistan?
 Vote and retweet

Should the British public have a say on how many refugees we take from Afghanistan
 Who's to blame for Afghanistan?
 Is Afghanistan just smoke and mirrors to cover up another more serious and nefarious agenda?
 Can you locate Afghanistan on a map? Be honest!
 Now reports are coming in that Taliban has seized #Kunduz and Sar-e-Pul cities.

When will the #Kabul regime collapse?
 Who is the greatest threat to humanity ?
#GreatReset 
#NWO 
#COVID19 
#VaccinePassport 
#Afghanistan 
#LeaveOurKidsAlone
 How many Afghans should the UK take in?
Please RT for greter coverage.
 Let's do a poll... Tell me what you think should be done in Afghanistan
 Senior Tories have urged Boris Johnson to let in tens of thousands of fleeing Afghans when he unveils what is promised…
 Do you think Biden got paid by the Taliban to leave the Billion Dollars worth of Military equipment?
 Who or what deserves the maximum blame for the barbaric mess in #Afghanistan?
 Who benefitted from the way Joe left Afghanistan?
 Whose fault is the fall of Afghanistan to the Taliban?
 How many Americans are left in Afghanistan?
 Should the United States accept Afghan refugees?
 What grade do you give @JoeBiden on his handling of the #Afghanistan situation? 

RT after VOTING
 The former Tory MP Rory Stewart has said we need to take ‘many many millions’ of Afghan refugees. Would you support such…
 Afghan women should be happy &amp; even grateful that New Taliban have allowed them to study &amp; work under Hijab, after all its the…
 What grade do you give @JoeBiden on his handling of Afghanistan? 

RT after Voting to spread message
 Should we go back into #Afghanistan?
 @LouDobbs @Shannon96574094 Is Obama's Afghanistan war crime intentional or incompetence?

(Hint: no one alive is this bra…
 Afghanistan has different values. In Afghanistan, the British army was told to 'look the other way', where senior Afghan…
 Who’s the biggest traitor to America and might as well be the leader of the Taliban?
 Just a point of interest and a question that needs to be answered! In relation to what's happening in Afghanistan and th…
 All the men are fleeing Afghanistan and all the women are being left behind to be imprisoned and raped. @BorisJohnson has…
 Who do you trust more to handle Afghanistan?
 Should we Nuke Afghanistan?
There is no stupid question
 Tony Blair has criticised the decision of western forces to withdraw from Afghanistan as a “tragic, dangerous, unnecess…
 If you could only choose between these two people to deliver bad news to someone, which one would you choose?

#Afghanist…
 #MOATS | POLL 

“Were the US-UK right to pull out of Afghanistan?” 

Have your say in the comments below and I might re…
 President Trump would have planned for and received successful results in Afghanistan?
 How many Afghan refugees do you believe should be resettled in the United States of America?
 Who is most responsible for the Afghan gaffe?
 Biden SURRENDERED
to the Taliban.

Why isn't Biden being COURT MARSHALED for surrendering billions of dollars of high tech…
 British news organisations are urging the government to give refuge to Afghans who have worked for them as concerns mou…
 Do you think America can exit Taliban-Afghanistan peacefully &amp; without bullets-war on 31st august? 

#PanjshirValley 
#Bid…
 Which country has more powerful Army ?

Retweet it please 

#India #Pakistan #USA #Russia
 Would you welcome Afghan refugees into the UK?
 Who is most to blame for the war in Afghanistan?
 Following the American Government’s decision to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan, to what extent, if at all, do you…
 What was the United States biggest interest in Afghanistan?
 Biden's fake excuse of
"I don't know how this happened"

Is VERY SUSPECT

Taliban just announced plans to turn Afghanistan…
 Which country do you think holds the nerves on India's efforts in Afghanistan??
One that cannot be taken for granted in…
 Do you have any issue with the Taliban capturing 2,000 US made armored vehicles?
 Will you host an Afghan refugee in your house?

Please retweet after taking the poll.
 Chance the US will experience a soviet-like collapse post Afghanistan debacle similar to the Soviet’s Afghanistan debacle an…
 Do you support President Biden's decision to withdraw our troops from Afghanistan?
#Afghanistan
 POLL: President Trump has offered to help evacuate American's in Afghanistan. Should he travel to Kabul?
 Do you think it is time to destroy the Taliban by using our Military?
 Would Afghanistan come to the aid of the United States and help us fight a war to restore order here in our deeply divided cou…
 Who is the Taliban representative in India? 🤓🤓
