 @POTUS POLL FOR; Democrats who voted for Joe Biden.

Do you think you made the right decision or have you reevaluated your…
 Is the President looking out for our best interests?
 Is Ron DeSantis doing a good job as Governor of Florida?
 PULSE OF THE PEOPLE POLL JOB APPROVAL TUESDAY:

Do you approve of Matt Wells as Texas Tech's Head Coach?
 What best describes Joe Biden’s Presidency thus far?
 Has Joe Biden already proven to be the most incompetent American President in modern times?
 Poll: How do you all feel about the Presidency of Benjamin Harrison? Retweet for a larger sample
 What did you think of Mike Lindell's 3 day symposium . For some reason I don't think after watching it Trump  will be sitting…
 B911 POLL: Should President Joe Biden face impeachment inquires for botched Afghanistan exit?
 Do you agree with President Duterte’s decision to run for VP in 2022 elections?
 Putting aside whether you like it as a matter of policy, as a matter of law, do you think the Biden Administration's new evic…
 @charliekirk11 WE DEMAND A FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF THE 2020 ELECTION IN ALL STATES!

PUT THE LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT TRUMP BACK…
 Joe left a Billion dollars of HIGH TECH Military equipment and Americans there because
 @LisaMarieBoothe Should he be put on trial for being a traitor to America?
 Gammon Bollocks News is running a poll so I’ve decided to run the same one. 
Has #Brexit been a success?
 Gov. Newsom now finds himself in a tight race, with some polls showing 49% of the public want him out. 
Tell us your thought…
 Are you thankful for the Obamas?
 America, are you feeling safe yet under Joe?
 Which politician will leave a bigger mess behind?
 Donald Trump wants Biden to resign...

...should he?
 Best President in modern times?
 Should Cuomo resign?
 Is Joe Biden a criminal because he's allowing illegals to come into America illegally and they are harming Americans?
 Do you think Boris Johnson should remain as leader of the Conservative Party, or stand down and let someone else take o…
 Did Donald J Trump win the 2020 election?

I attemp to follow every patriot who retweets my poll?
 @theblaze Do you agree with Joe Biden's speech?
 Is there anyone out there that actually thinks Biden is doing a good job? Please vote and retweet.
 Does Justin Trudeau deserve to be re-elected? 👇
 Impeachment de Jair Bolsonaro.
 Do you believe @JoeBiden “owned” the botched execution of our withdrawal in his speech today? 

#BidenDisaster #BidenF…
 Is Michael Gove .....

Think carefully humans, only one of these choices matter.
 Joe Biden extended the eviction moratorium solely because, if he hadn’t, Cori Bush would still be on the steps of the c…
 Boris Johnson, like his WWII hero #WinstonChurchill, is facing an existential challenge: convincing the UK to support his…
 Is Joe Biden golfing this weekend?
 How would you rate Joe Biden in terms of intelligence?
 How would you grade Joe Biden as President?
 Unscientific Twitter Poll #4:

How would you rate the way President Biden is handling national security issues?
 @theblaze Do you agree with Biden's speech?
 Can biden speak in normal full sentences for 3 minutes, without reading...???
 Do you finally realize that Joe is handing America over to China?
 How badly will Biden screw up the response to Ida?
 POLL
Will the Fed talk Taper at Jackson Hole or will it be a snoozefest?
 Tony Blair has branded President Joe Biden’s decision to withdraw from Afghanistan “imbecilic”. Do you agree?
 Should Biden be impeached for his handling of Afghanistan?
 he hasn’t been in arizona since 2014, does louis know that arizona is one of the american states, or should I just say…
 Is Donald Trump innocent?
 Which crisis is the worst for Biden?
 Should we get @garyvee on Banter today? I feel like talking about NFT’s!
 Has the Biden Justice Department been weaponized against Republicans and Conservatives?
 Should Joe Biden fire his NSA or submit his own resignation or just blame Trump for Afghanistan?
 Polls say Biden is at 49 percent in approval, Do You Approve of the Job that Joe Biden has done?
 Who is likely to be Kericho County Governor 2022
#Jimmyawanjigi
#washwash
 Who is the dumbest and most ill-informed member of Congress?
 .
   How would you Rate
      President Biden’s
         Performance 
    7 months in office ?

    0 - Low    10 - Hi…
 Do you think Joe Biden was right to pull US troops out of Afghanistan?
 DOMINION MACHINES WERE programed to vote for Joe illegally which makes him an ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT!

Put the LEGAL PRESIDE…
 Do you believe Pope Francis (Jorge Mario Bergoglio) is the legitimate pope?
 Boris Johnson is hanging from a cliff he offers you £1M to save him (he has the money in a briefcase handcuffed to his…
 @catturd2 DOMINION MACHINES WERE programed to vote for Joe illegally which makes him an ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT!

Do the audi…
 If Jesus Christ had a trampoline, would he use the trampoline, or would he be too dignified?
 Do you think China loves what Joe is doing?
 Boris Johnson has said he ‘just can’t afford to do this job’. The prime minister’s salary is £157,000 per year. Do you…
 Historians will reluctantly come to the recognition and realization that Donald Trump was one of the most transformational…
 Should Biden be tried as a TERRORIST?
 Is Brexit a success ?
 Would former President Jacob Zuma's son, Duduzane Zuma make a good President for SA? #PresidentZuma
 Desantis or Trump '24?
 Did Donald Trump have a good rally?
 Question to Democrats Only; If you learned tomorrow that the presidential election was indeed stolen and Trump won, wou…
 @JustinTrudeau Is Trudeau making your life easier?
 Who is the worst president we've ever had since 1999?
 @ChuckCallesto Is McConnell a REAL REPUBLICAN?
 Poll
Do we need a new home secretary?
 Which Democrat deserves the award for Most Useless Piece of Crap?
 OBAMA'S PARTY? RETWEET COMMENT PLEASE
 biden voters are:
 #poll Did you think that Lou Brock was white?
 Which demonstrates better that Biden is a disaster?
 2024 President of the United States
 Do you support President Biden expanding the amount of Supreme Court Justices? 🇺🇸
 Should disgrace NY Gov Cuomo resign today?
 Is Obama’s huge birthday bash a super spreader event?
 What do you think about the person of the pinned tweet. You think he is
 Donald Trump is _____________.
 When Biden speaks today, which do you expect him to do:
 Should Andrew Cuomo still be impeached?
 Should Biden be forcibly be removed from the White House because he's a terrorist to America?
 Should Gov. Cuomo resign or be impeached?
 TONIGHT!

TRUMP RALLY AT 7PM EST!

ON NEWSMAX
 Do you think Joe Biden has done a good job during his first 7 months as president? Trying to see what the younger generation…
 President Biden's proposal to close international corporate tax loopholes raises 💸over $1 trillion💸

What #BuildBackBette…
 Which campaign slogan do you like best for Larry Elder running for governor in the recall election in California?
 Would you be sleeping better tonight if Biden didn't steal the 2020 ELECTION, and President Trump was in the White House?
 Smartest guy to serve in the Trump Cabinet?
 Will Biden be held accountable
 Is Biden Demented or Purposely Destroying America?
 Should Joe Biden resign in disgrace?
 Conspiracy Theories: 6
The 2020 American Presidential Election was rigged so Biden would win?
 Who is running the White House?
 This new bomb-threat guy at the Capital has been watching:
 WHERE WAS BARACK OBAMA BORN? RETWEET COMMENT PLEASE
 #MOATS | POLL 

“Should Tony Blair be …?”

Have your say in the comments below and I might read them out in the show.…
 Should Maryam Monsef be deported?
 Will Sergey have his giant $LINK mug today ?
 What future holds for Mr Biden?
 What did you think of President Biden's speech? Leave your comments below 👇
 Is America better off under Joe Biden than Donald J. Trump?
 POLL: Do you feel @Keir_Starmer is doing a good job so far as Labour Leader? 

(Retweet for wider response). Feel free to pu…
 Do you feel better after Biden's speech?
 Donald Trump said Biden gave away our military to the enemy…

…did he really?
 Does Joe Biden
WATCH CARTOONS
all day?
-
 Should Biden go immediately?
 Should Trump be allowed on Twitter?
 Are you watching Biden's speech?
 If there was truly something wrong with Joe Biden his immediate staff and family would not let him assume such a position…
 If Biden is FORCED to RESIGN should he take VP Kamala Harris with him?
-
 Should the Health Minister resign? #JoySMS
 Should Prince Andrew be stripped of his military ranks?
 Who loves Joe Biden, the leftists, welcome to post to vote you love Joe Biden and vote for him in 2020
 Is Bill Clinton top 5 presidents of all time?
 Does Donald Trump have words of wisdom?
 Best guesses as to why the @JoeBiden presser is yet again delayed:
#BidenIsALaughingstock
 If Joe Biden calls the Taliban Leader right now, what would Joe’s first words be?
 How do you feel about Deshaun Watson reportedly unwilling to waive his no-trade clause to Eagles?
 Do you respect the Office of the Presidency?
 @Gekko_WynV @Marvin515119758 You know when the Liberal Media is trying to get people to hate Larry Elder, that is the RIGHT…
 @The_FJC @Thomas10121100 Joe wants America to be LAST!

He must go!

Is it time to take to the streets and fight against the…
 Is this the stupidest Conservative Cabinet in history?
 Do we need Donald Trump to come back?
 In your opinion, which President was worse - and why?
 Did you watch Biden’s Sunday afternoon press briefing?
 Which Governor Exit speech will go down as the most shocking, ever?  #Cuomo #GovernorResigns #MeToo
 Will the UK be a better place when @BorisJohnson is no longer Prime Minister?
 Should Gavin Williamson be sacked for being complicit in allowing appalling restrictions to be placed on our kids? @len…
 Has Joe Biden got to go?

Pls RT
 Should LeVar Burton become the new host of "Jeopardy!"?
 Do you have more money in your wallet as a result of the Biden Presidency?
 *POLL*
Would you trust Boris Johnson to put your bins out?
 Did Nancy Pelosi pick the right Republicans to be on the Jan 6th commission?
 Will Biden apologize for his failure like Reagan did in 1987 or will he try to shift the blame?
 IF THE VAX DOESN'T WORK, WILL BIDEN BLAME TRUMP? RETWEET COMMENT PLEASE
 Do you feel safe with Joe Biden as your President?
 Which one of this politician can be compared to Charles Shobraj?
 Do you think Joe will resign?
 @POTUS @JoeBiden Be honest… Approve or disapprove of Biden’s inactions/actions in Afghanistan?
 POLL: Will Trump be “reinstated” tomorrow?
 Are you a Bernie Bro?
 WORLD CUP OF FRANCIS ACHIEVEMENTS. ROUND 1, HEAT 12/14. 
Will he be best remembered for:

Management of Vatican finances…
 How do you feel about having voted for Biden now?
 Is Donald Trump working hard?
 Did President Obama have any scandals?
 Does Joe Biden have a proven track record?
 who was the worst US president in history? only two choices, both Republican clowns
 @Jim_Jordan Should Democrats be put in prison for destroying America?
 Should Trump be blamed?
 Do you think Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab should resign or remain in his role?

Please retweet for larger sample.
 @atensnut I THINK PRESIDENT TRUMP WON IN 2020!

WE DEMAND A FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF THE 2020 ELECTION IN ALL STATES!

PUT THE…
 WILL BIDEN'S POLICIES MAKE ILLEGALS INTO VOTERS? RETWEET COMMENT PLEASE
 Got attacked by two over Pence this morning? Do you still support him?
 If you were an employer and you interviewed @JoeBiden would you hire him?

RT and comment please!
 @Breaking911 Is Biden right here?
 Which United States President was Worse, George W. Bush or Donald Trump?

This might actually be a tough one for a lot…
 What grade do you give Joe Biden’s address to the nation?
 Should Joe Biden be impeached for Dereliction of Duty?
 Shall Gavin Newsom be recalled (removed) from the office of Governor? YES / NO
 Do you want #DavidEvans to be confirmed at Conference as General Secretary of the Labour Party?

1. Yes, and I'm a LP me…
 @PeterboroughCC does anyone think our council leader is doing a good job? does he listen to the public. Or is he protecting…
 MDP’s ‘iss-leader’ has not had a single press conference as the ‘iss-leader’ of MDP. He’s hiding from MDP members ever since…
 Poll
Which President in your estimation was the most corrupt and out to enrich himself and his associates?
@SpeakerPelos…
 Does Donald Trump love all Americans?
 Do you think President uhuru will be able to achieve his agenda within the remaining year of his tenure? #KenyansPoll
 Juan Williams said Trump’s GOP is a giant scam…

…is it really?
 What is the best of 2 bad choices when it comes to Joe Biden?
 If Bernie was more vulgar would he get more votes?
 Do you miss Trump?
 @OANN WE DEMAND A FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF THE 2020 ELECTION IN ALL STATES!

PUT THE LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT TRUMP BACK IN THE WH…
 Should Zack Snyder be allowed to #RestoreTheSnyderVerse?
 The only Countries that love Biden is China and Russia.
 Should Biden resign immediately? Please Vote and Retweet!
 Rather have as president?
 Is Piers Corbyn...
 Will @andrewcuomo resign?
 Who is Boris Johnson working for?
 Which crisis is the worst for #Biden ?
 If anybody but Biden called a Black man a boy, the press would
 Do you approve of the job Joe Biden is doing as President? Please RT for larger sample size.
 Who was/is a better President
 Do you have any confidence in Biden?
 Who is the most erudite and intellectual leader in the Congress party today?
 Who's side is Joe fighting for?
 Would you date a Tory?
 Would Donald Trump have handled the Afghanistan crisis better than Joe Biden?
 Is Joe Biden a TRAITOR TO AMERICA?
 Worst President of all time? Please Retweet
 Why do you think Boris Johnson's approval ratings have dropped?

If 'all of the above', please select the primary reaso…
 Should Joe Biden resign? RT this
 Do you feel safe with Joe Biden in the White House?
 What is @BorisJohnson's governments biggest failure?
 Do you think the Governor of Victoria should be called upon to remove Daniel Andrews
 Paul Ryan said Trump is damaging the GOP…

…is he really?
 Do you love Trump?
 Joe Biden should be....
 Can I start a Darren Grimes poll after his latest about refugees. Is Darren Grimes a callous, ignorant gobshite who tries…
 Will Biden's presidency finally get their act-of-flunkies together and IMPROVE?

Or will the Biden group of Communist handl…
 This would be interesting if Trudeau did visit Toronto would he be greeted with hand clapping or being booed
 WE DEMAND A FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF THE 2020 ELECTION IN ALL STATES!

PUT THE LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT TRUMP BACK IN THE WHITE HO…
 Is Joe Biden’s approval rating above 50%?
 Question:

In 2019 @BorisJohnson was criminally prosecuted for alleged misconduct in public office as Mayor of London.

Th…
 Under which President would you feel safer right now?
 @funder Is Ron DeSantis the "worst Governor in America" as @funder believes?

Follow me @polls_unbiased

#poll #USA #Un…
 Do you think Joe Biden even remembers that he's "President"?
 After 194 days of the Joe Biden presidency, how would you rate his administration from a progressive point of view? @J…
 Do You Approve Of the Biden/Harris Administration❓
 Is Bill Gates the largest owner of farmland in the US?

Test your instincts, give this question your best guess, and I'll…
 Points I Ponder While I Wander in the Leftist's Delusional BullShit Yonder 

Should President Trump run in 2024?
 Do you think that Barack Obama is still alive?
 Are you committed to Trump?
 Trump is
 Good morning Patriots!!
Do you think Pelosi is drunk yet?
 Things were much better under Trump.
 Are you happy you voted for Biden?
 George Bush or Joe Biden?
 Do you want Ron DeSantis to be your Governor?
 Do you believe that at the moment Keir Starmer does or does not look like a Prime Minister in waiting? #KeirStarmer #La…
 Should President Biden be impeached for colluding with a terrorist organization? (giving them US military equipment)
 Has there ever been a President in US History who has been as much a failure as Joe Biden in their 1st 8 mos in office?…
 Ready to take bets, who's the most corrupt Morrison minister?
 Donald Trump said he is trying to save American democracy…

…is he really?
 Does Trump have a clear conscience?
 Brexit is….
 Do you think Biden could've started the Afghanistan problem to distract from the results of the Arizona Election Recount tha…
 What is @NicolaSturgeon a bigger threat to?
 Have you noticed that most of your friends who were against Trump and theoretically for Biden don’t have much to say as to…
 Who would win in 2024. Based on Biden’s actions or rather inactions in the first 8 months of his term
 So, will Donald John Trump be sworn in as President on August 13?
 Is Donald Trump the voice of reason?
 Background: Obama received 69,000,000 votes from 873 counties. #Trump received 75,000,000 votes from 2,497 counties. In wh…
 Who is the most incompetent leader?
 How long before Biden bows out?
 It's been a while since I ran a poll, so
Which would make the best foreign secretary?
 So did you vote for Biden?
 Are you a Trump democrat?
 Did Donald Trump abandon the Kurds?
 If your kid was coming off that plane at Dover AF Base what would your response to Biden be?⬇️
 Just for this poll, I will accept comments suggesting "all of the above" #lockdown6

Dan Andrews is a:
 Generally speaking, do you think that Joe Bidens presidency is good for people like you?

Follow me @polls_unbiased for…
 What will happen to Biden?
 WHICH has been the biggest disaster of the Biden-Harris Administration to date?

Thoughts, comments?

Please RT for lar…
 Was gas down when Trump was President?
 Who is Joe Biden’s handler? 
There are four choices please tweet for a wider accurate result.
Taliban &amp; communist particip…
 Where Should Tony Blair be ?
 Joe Biden has failed to protect the border and allowed a invasion of millions of illegals. He has now failed to protect Americ…
 Today on the Afternoon Agenda, Alex is asking: 

Has Brexit been a success?
 SERIOUS QUESTION:

Do you believe that Joe Biden is compromised and has without any doubt committed treason against the…
 .
         “YES or NO”

   Is Joe Biden the Blame
        for the Collapse
       in Afghanistan ???

   -- Please Ret…
 Is Joe a TRAITOR to America?
 Joe left the Billion dollars worth of Military equipment because
 Biden has left behind 15,000 American civilians and due to his pull-out order 4,000 British and 10's of 1000's of Afghans tha…
 Should Joe Biden resign?
 Biden’s approval rate is at 38%. 

Do you believe that?
 Do you support President Biden?
 @nypost Which of the following #USpresidents was/has been #worse than #JimmyCarter ?
 
1. #BarackObama

2. #DonaldJtrump…
 What doyou think about the bottom of the pinned tweet? Do you think he is
 Was this Joe's plan to destroy America and the world?
 Should Biden be impeached? 

Please RT for maximum exposure.
 Do you think Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab should resign or remain in his role?

Please retweet for larger sample.
 Who is the most hated Canadian Prime Minister? Please retweet
 In light of recent events, what action do you think should be taken or seriously considered concerning Joe Biden?
 Was bernie sanders a step on your path to political radicalization?
 Do you think Gov. Cuomo should resign?
 How often does Donald Trump say the right thing?
 Should Matt Gaetz resign?
 Joe Biden said we are witnessing a pandemic of the unvaccinated…

…are we really?
 If President Biden does-not-FIRE the TOP BRASS at the Pentagon or his national security team…

Wouldn't that mean that the…
 In his press conference on the Afghanistan debacle, Joe Biden will
 What is causing Trudeau’s fall from grace ?
 Who is the worst governor in America?
 @Breaking911 Do you believe him?
 Keir Starmer has repeatedly claimed he is a Democratic Socialist: Do you think he is a Democratic Socialist?
 Do you think Joe Biden will resign?
 Do you believe it is a good sign that President Trump met with his Cabinet Members at Bedminster on Friday?
 #Afghanistan #Biden 
Is #PresidentBiden @JoeBiden a joker?
 @4YrsToday Who SHOULD be the President of USA right now?
 Tony Blair tells you to do something; do you:
 Would you audibly “BOO” Justin Trudeau if he had an event in your neighborhood?
 Should Gov. Andrew Cuomo resign?
 @Jim_Jordan If audits show that Joe Biden cheated to win,  should President Trump be put back in the White House?
 Question for conservatives, is the Biden presidency what you expected?
 Would you let Tom Cruise land in your garden?

#poll #TomCruise
 Do you think our installed  leaders
 @Sassychickie WE DEMAND A FULL FORENSIC AUDIT OF THE 2020 ELECTION IN ALL STATES!

PUT THE LEGITIMATE PRESIDENT TRUMP BACK I…
 @NickAdamsinUSA Should the RIGHTFUL WINNER ( President Trump) be put back in the White House and the Communist Democrat crim…
 Do you have confidence that Joe Biden could, himself, independently organize and coordinate a kid's birthday party or a w…
 Should former president Donald Trump be investigated for sexual misconduct?
 Do you have confidence in @JoeBiden's ability to serve as @POTUS?
 To what extent, if at all, would you support or oppose Boris Johnson being replaced as Leader of the Conservative Party…
